HIGHLIGHTS OF PRESCRIBING INFORMATION
These highlights do not include all the information needed to use ABECMA safely 
and effectively. See full prescribing information for ABECMA.
ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel), suspension for intravenous infusion
Initial U.S. Approval: 2021
WARNING: CYTOKINE RELEASE SYNDROME, NEUROLOGIC TOXICITIES, HLH/MAS, 
PROLONGED CYTOPENIA, AND SECONDARY HEMATOLOGICAL MALIGNANCIES
See full prescribing information for complete boxed warning.
• Cytokine Release Syndrome (CRS), including fatal or life-threatening  
reactions, occurred in patients following treatment with ABECMA. Do not 
administer ABECMA to patients with active infection or inflammatory 
disorders. Treat severe or life-threatening CRS with tocilizumab or 
tocilizumab and corticosteroids (2.2, 2.3, 5.2, 6.1).
• Neurologic toxicities, which may be severe or life-threatening, occurred 
following treatment with ABECMA, including concurrently with CRS, after 
CRS resolution, or in the absence of CRS. Monitor for neurologic events after 
treatment with ABECMA. Provide supportive care and/or corticosteroids as 
needed (2.2, 2.3, 5.3).
• Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis/Macrophage Activation Syndrome 
(HLH/MAS), including fatal and life-threatening reactions, occurred in 
patients following treatment with ABECMA. HLH/MAS can occur with CRS 
or neurologic toxicities (5.4).
• Prolonged Cytopenia with bleeding and infection, including fatal outcomes 
following stem cell transplantation for hematopoietic recovery, occurred 
following treatment with ABECMA (5.8).
• T cell malignancies have occurred following treatment of hematologic 
malignancies with BCMA- and CD19-directed genetically modified 
autologous T cell immunotherapies, including ABECMA (5.10).
• ABECMA is available only through a restricted program under a Risk 
Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) called the ABECMA REMS (5.5).
------------------------------ RECENT MAJOR CHANGES ------------------------------
Boxed Warning 4/2024
Indications and Usage (1) 4/2024
Dosage and Administration (2.1, 2.2) 4/2024
Dosage and Administration (2.2)  7/2024
Warnings and Precautions (5) 4/2024
------------------------------- INDICATIONS AND USAGE ------------------------------
ABECMA is a B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA)-directed genetically modified autologous 
T cell immunotherapy indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed 
or refractory multiple myeloma after two or more prior lines of therapy including an 
immunomodulatory agent, a proteasome inhibitor, and an anti-CD38 monoclonal 
antibody (1).
---------------------------  DOSAGE AND ADMINISTRATION  ---------------------------
For autologous use only. For intravenous use only.
• Do NOT use a leukodepleting filter (2.2).• Administer a lymphodepleting chemotherapy regimen of cyclophosphamide and 
fludarabine before infusion of ABECMA (idecabtagene vicleucel) (2.2).
• Confirm the patient’s identity prior to infusion (2.2).
• Premedicate with acetaminophen and an H 1-antihistamine (2.2).
• Avoid prophylactic use of dexamethasone or other systemic corticosteroids (2.2).
• Confirm availability of tocilizumab prior to infusion (2.2, 5.2).
• Dosing of ABECMA is based on the number of chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-positive  
T cells (2.1).
• The recommended dose range is 300 to 510 × 106 CAR-positive T cells (2.1).
• Administer ABECMA at a certified healthcare facility (2.2, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4).
-------------------------- DOSAGE FORMS AND STRENGTHS --------------------------
• ABECMA is a cell suspension for intravenous infusion (3).
• A single dose of ABECMA contains a cell suspension of 300 to 510 x 106 CAR-positive 
T cells in one or more infusion bags (3).
--------------------------------- CONTRAINDICATIONS ---------------------------------
None (4).
---------------------------- WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS ---------------------------
• Hypersensitivity Reactions:  Monitor for hypersensitivity reactions during infusion (5.6).
• Infections:  Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infection; treat appropriately 
(5.7).
• Prolonged Cytopenias:  Patients may exhibit prolonged Grade 3 or higher cytopenias 
following ABECMA infusion. Monitor blood counts prior to and after ABECMA infusion 
(5.8).
• Hypogammaglobulinemia:  Monitor and consider immunoglobulin replacement therapy 
(5.9).
• Secondary Malignancies:  T cell malignancies have occurred following treatment 
of hematologic malignancies with BCMA- and CD19-directed genetically modified 
autologous T cell immunotherapies, including ABECMA. In the event that a secondary 
malignancy occurs after treatment with ABECMA, contact Bristol-Myers Squibb at 
1-888-805-4555 (5.10).
• Effects on Ability to Drive and Use Machines:  Advise patients to refrain from driving 
or operating heavy or potentially dangerous machines for at least eight weeks after 
ABECMA administration (5.11).
--------------------------------- ADVERSE REACTIONS --------------------------------
The most common nonlaboratory adverse reactions (incidence greater than or equal to 
20%) include pyrexia, CRS, hypogammaglobulinemia, infections – pathogen unspecified, 
musculoskeletal pain, fatigue, febrile neutropenia, hypotension, tachycardia, diarrhea, 
nausea, headache, chills, upper respiratory tract infection, encephalopathy, edema, 
dyspnea and viral infections (6.1).
The most common Grade 3 or 4 laboratory adverse reactions (incidence greater than 
or equal to 50%) include leukocyte count decreased, neutrophil count decreased, 
lymphocyte count decreased, platelet count decreased, and hemoglobin decreased (6.1).
To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS, contact Bristol-Myers Squibb at 
1-800-721-5072 or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch.
See 17 for PATIENT COUNSELING INFORMATION and Medication Guide
Revised: 7/2024
FULL PRESCRIBING INFORMATION: CONTENTS *
WARNING: CYTOKINE RELEASE SYNDROME, NEUROLOGIC TOXICITIES, HLH/MAS, 
PROLONGED CYTOPENIA, AND SECONDARY HEMATOLOGICAL MALIGNANCIES
1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE
2 DOSAGE AND ADMINISTRATION
2.1 Dose
2.2 Administration
2.3 Management of Severe Adverse Reactions
3 DOSAGE FORMS AND STRENGTHS
4 CONTRAINDICATIONS
5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS
5.1 Early Death
5.2 Cytokine Release Syndrome (CRS)
5.3 Neurologic Toxicities
5.4 Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis (HLH)/Macrophage Activation 
Syndrome (MAS)
5.5 ABECMA REMS
5.6 Hypersensitivity Reactions
5.7 Infections
5.8 Prolonged Cytopenias
5.9 Hypogammaglobulinemia5.10 Secondary Malignancies
5.11 Effects on Ability to Drive and Use Machines
6 ADVERSE REACTIONS
6.1 Clinical Trials Experience
6.2 Immunogenicity
6.3 Postmarketing Experience
7 DRUG INTERACTIONS
8 USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONS
8.1 Pregnancy
8.2 Lactation
8.3 Females and Males of Reproductive Potential
8.4 Pediatric Use
8.5 Geriatric Use
11 DESCRIPTION
12 CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY
12.1 Mechanism of Action
12.2 Pharmacodynamics
12.3 Pharmacokinetics
(Continued)FULL PRESCRIBING INFORMATION
WARNING: CYTOKINE RELEASE SYNDROME, NEUROLOGIC TOXICITIES, HLH/MAS, 
PROLONGED CYTOPENIA, AND SECONDARY HEMATOLOGICAL MALIGNANCIES
• Cytokine Release Syndrome (CRS), including fatal or life-threatening reactions,  
occurred in patients following treatment with ABECMA (idecabtagene 
vicleucel). Do not administer ABECMA to patients with active infection 
or inflammatory disorders. Treat severe or life-threatening CRS with 
tocilizumab or tocilizumab and corticosteroids [see Dosage and 
Administration (2.2, 2.3), Warnings and Precautions (5.2), and Adverse 
Reactions (6.1)].
• Neurologic toxicities, which may be severe or life-threatening, occurred 
following treatment with ABECMA, including concurrently with CRS, 
after CRS resolution, or in the absence of CRS. Monitor for neurologic 
events after treatment with ABECMA. Provide supportive care and/or 
corticosteroids as needed [see Dosage and Administration (2.2, 2.3) and 
Warnings and Precautions (5.3)].
• Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis/Macrophage Activation Syndrome 
(HLH/MAS) including fatal and life-threatening reactions, occurred in 
patients following treatment with ABECMA. HLH/MAS can occur with CRS 
or neurologic toxicities [see Warnings and Precautions (5.4)].
• Prolonged Cytopenia with bleeding and infection, including fatal outcomes 
following stem cell transplantation for hematopoietic recovery, occurred 
following treatment with ABECMA [see Warnings and Precautions (5.8)].
• T cell malignancies have occurred following treatment of hematologic 
malignancies with BCMA- and CD19-directed genetically modified 
autologous T cell immunotherapies, including ABECMA [see Warnings and 
Precautions (5.10)].
• ABECMA is available only through a restricted program under a Risk 
Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) called the ABECMA REMS  
[see Warnings and Precautions (5.5)].
1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE
ABECMA is a B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA)-directed genetically modified 
autologous T cell immunotherapy indicated for the treatment of adult patients with 
relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma after two or more prior lines of therapy 
including an immunomodulatory agent, a proteasome inhibitor, and an anti-CD38 
monoclonal antibody.
2 DOSAGE AND ADMINISTRATION
For autologous use only. For intravenous use only.
2.1 Dose
ABECMA is provided as a single dose for infusion containing a suspension of chimeric 
antigen receptor (CAR)-positive T cells in one or more infusion bags. The recommended 
dose range is 300 to 510 x 106 CAR-positive T cells.
See the accompanying Release for Infusion Certificate (RFI Certificate) for additional 
information pertaining to dose [see How Supplied/Storage and Handling (16)].
2.2 Administration
ABECMA is for autologous use only. The patient’s identity must match the patient 
identifiers on the ABECMA cassette(s) and infusion bag(s). Do not infuse ABECMA if the 
information on the patient-specific label(s) does not match the intended patient.
Preparing Patient for ABECMA Infusion
Confirm the availability of ABECMA prior to starting the lymphodepleting chemotherapy  
regimen.
Pretreatment
Administer the lymphodepleting chemotherapy regimen: cyclophosphamide 300 mg/m2 
intravenously (IV) and fludarabine 30 mg/m2 IV for three days.
See the prescribing information of cyclophosphamide and fludarabine for information on 
dose adjustment in renal impairment.
Administer ABECMA two days after completion of lymphodepleting chemotherapy.Delay the infusion of ABECMA (idecabtagene vicleucel) up to seven days if a patient has 
any of the following conditions:
• unresolved serious adverse events (especially pulmonary events, cardiac events, 
or hypotension), including those after preceding chemotherapies.
• active infections or inflammatory disorders [see Warnings and Precautions (5.7)].
Premedication
Administer acetaminophen (650 mg orally) and diphenhydramine (12.5 mg IV or 
25 to 50 mg orally, or another H 1-antihistamine) approximately 30 to 60 minutes before 
infusion of ABECMA.
Avoid prophylactic use of dexamethasone or other systemic corticosteroids, as the use 
may interfere with the activity of ABECMA.
Receipt of ABECMA
• ABECMA is shipped directly to the cell laboratory or clinical pharmacy associated 
with the infusion center in the vapor phase of a liquid nitrogen shipper.
• Confirm the patient’s identity with the patient identifiers on the shipper.
• If the patient is not expected to be ready for same-day administration before 
the shipper expires and the infusion site is qualified for onsite storage, transfer 
ABECMA to onsite vapor phase of liquid nitrogen storage.
• If the patient is not expected to be ready for same-day administration before the 
shipper expires and the infusion site is not qualified for onsite storage, contact 
Bristol-Myers Squibb at 1-888-805-4555 to arrange for return shipment.
Preparation of ABECMA for Infusion
1. Coordinate the timing of ABECMA thaw and infusion. Confirm the infusion time 
in advance and adjust the start time of the thaw of ABECMA so that it will be 
available for infusion when the patient is ready.
2. Prior to thawing the product, confirm that tocilizumab and emergency equipment 
are available prior to the infusion and during the recovery period.
3. An ABECMA dose may be contained in one or more patient-specific infusion 
bag(s). Verify the number of bags received for the indicated dose of ABECMA 
prior to preparation of ABECMA for infusion.
4. Confirm patient identity: Prior to preparation of ABECMA, match the patient’s 
identity with the patient identifiers on the ABECMA cassette(s), infusion bag(s), 
and the RFI Certificate.
Note: The patient identifier number may be preceded by the letters DIN or Aph ID.
5. Do not remove the ABECMA infusion bag(s) from the cassette(s) if the information 
on the patient-specific cassette label(s) does not match the intended patient. 
Contact Bristol-Myers Squibb at 1-888-805-4555 if there are any discrepancies 
between the labels and the patient identifiers.
6. Once patient identity is confirmed, remove the ABECMA infusion bag(s) from 
the cassette(s) and check that the patient information on the cassette label(s) 
matches the patient information on the bag label(s).
Figure 1: ABECMA Bag Label(s)
Patient Name
Patient Date of Birth
Patient DIN OR Aph ID
JOINFirst: FIRST NAME
Last: LAST NAME
Date of birth:  DD-MMM-YYYY
DIN/Aph ID:  W0000 00 000000
JOIN:  XXXX-XXXXX   
LOT: XXXX-XXXXXY
EXP: DD-MMM-YYYYBag ID : XX
XXXX-XXXXXY -XX
7. Inspect the infusion bag(s) for any breaches of container integrity such as breaks 
or cracks before thawing. If the bag(s) is compromised, do not administer and 
contact Bristol-Myers Squibb at 1-888-805-4555.
8. If more than one infusion bag has been received to achieve the treatment dose, 
thaw each infusion bag one at a time. Do not initiate thaw of the next bag until 
infusion of the previous bag is complete.FULL PRESCRIBING INFORMATION: CONTENTS * (Continued)
13 NONCLINICAL TOXICOLOGY
13.1 Carcinogenesis, Mutagenesis, Impairment of Fertility
14 CLINICAL STUDIES
15 REFERENCES16 HOW SUPPLIED/STORAGE AND HANDLING
17 PATIENT COUNSELING INFORMATION
* Sections or subsections omitted from the full prescribing information are not listed.ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel) ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel)9. Place the infusion bag(s) inside a second sterile bag per local guidelines.
10. Thaw ABECMA infusion bag(s) at approximately 37°C using an approved thaw 
device or water bath until there is no visible ice in the infusion bag. Gently mix 
the contents of the bag to disperse visible clumps of cellular material. Small 
clumps of cellular material may persist despite gentle manual mixing. Do not 
wash, spin down, and/or resuspend ABECMA in new media prior to infusion.
11. ABECMA should be administered within one hour of the initiation of the thaw 
process. ABECMA is stable for two hours at room temperature once thawed.
ABECMA Administration
• For autologous use only.
• Do NOT use a leukodepleting filter.
• Ensure that a minimum of two doses of tocilizumab and emergency equipment 
are available prior to infusion and during the recovery period.
• Central venous access may be utilized for the infusion of ABECMA and is 
encouraged in patients with poor peripheral access.
1. Confirm that the patient’s identity matches the patient identifiers on the 
ABECMA infusion bag(s).
2. Prime the tubing of the infusion set with normal saline prior to infusion. 
An infusion set with an in-line filter (non-leukodepleting filter with a pore 
size range of 170 to 260 µm) can be used for thawed products with visible 
clumps of cellular material that do not disperse after gentle manual mixing.
3. Infuse the entire contents of the ABECMA infusion bag within one hour after 
start of thaw by gravity flow.
4. After the entire content of the infusion bag is infused, rinse the tubing, 
inclusive of the in-line filter if used, with 30 to 60 mL of normal saline at 
the same infusion rate to ensure as many cells as possible are infused into 
the patient.
5. If more than one infusion bag is received, administer all bags as directed, 
following steps 1-4 for each bag. Do not initiate thaw of the next bag until 
infusion of the previous bag is complete.
ABECMA contains human blood cells that are genetically modified with replication-
incompetent, self-inactivating lentiviral vector. Follow universal precautions and local 
biosafety guidelines for handling and disposal of ABECMA to avoid potential transmission 
of infectious diseases.
Monitoring
• Administer ABECMA at a REMS-certified healthcare facility.
• Monitor patients at least daily for seven days following ABECMA infusion at 
the certified healthcare facility for signs and symptoms of CRS and neurologic 
toxicities [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2, 5.3)].
• Instruct patients to remain within proximity of the certified healthcare facility for 
at least four weeks following infusion.
• Instruct patients to refrain from driving or hazardous activities for at least eight 
weeks following infusion.
2.3 Management of Severe Adverse Reactions
Cytokine Release Syndrome (CRS)
Identify CRS based on clinical presentation [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2)]. 
Evaluate for and treat other causes of fever, hypoxia, and hypotension.
If CRS is suspected, manage according to the recommendations in Table 1.
Patients who experience CRS should be closely monitored for cardiac and organ function 
until resolution of symptoms. Consider antiseizure prophylaxis with levetiracetam in 
patients who experience CRS.
Patients who experience Grade 2 or higher CRS (e.g., hypotension not responsive to 
fluids, or hypoxia requiring supplemental oxygenation) should be monitored with 
continuous cardiac telemetry and pulse oximetry.
For severe or life-threatening CRS, consider intensive care unit level monitoring and 
supportive therapy.
For CRS refractory to first line interventions such as tocilizumab or tocilizumab and 
corticosteroids, consider alternate treatment options (i.e., higher corticosteroid dose, 
alternative anti-cytokine agents, anti-T cell therapies). Refractory CRS is characterized 
by fevers, end-organ toxicity (e.g., hypoxia, hypotension) not improving within 12 hours 
of first line interventions or development of hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis/
macrophage activation syndrome (HLH/MAS).
If concurrent neurologic toxicity is suspected during CRS, administer:
• Corticosteroids according to the more aggressive intervention based on the CRS 
and neurologic toxicity grades in Tables 1 and 2
• Tocilizumab according to the CRS grade in Table 1
• Antiseizure medication according to the neurologic toxicity in Table 2Table 1: CRS Grading and Management Guidance
CRS Grade a  Tocilizumab c  Corticosteroids b 
Grade 1
Symptoms require 
symptomatic treatment 
only (e.g., fever, nausea, 
fatigue, headache, 
myalgia, malaise).If onset 72 hours or more after 
infusion, treat symptomatically.
If onset less than 72 hours after 
infusion, consider tocilizumab 
8 mg/kg IV over 1 hour (not to 
exceed 800 mg).Consider dexamethasone 
10 mg IV every 24 hours.
Grade 2
Symptoms require and 
respond to moderate 
intervention.
Oxygen requirement 
less than 40% FiO 2 or 
hypotension responsive 
to fluids, or low dose 
of one vasopressor, or 
Grade 2 organ toxicity.Administer tocilizumab  
8 mg/kg IV over 1 hour (not to 
exceed 800 mg).
Repeat tocilizumab every 
8 hours as needed if not 
responsive to intravenous fluids 
or increasing supplemental 
oxygen.
Limit to a maximum of 3 doses 
in a 24-hour period; maximum 
total of 4 doses.Consider dexamethasone 
10 mg IV every 
12-24 hours. 
If no improvement within 24 hours or rapid progression, 
repeat tocilizumab and escalate dose and frequency of 
dexamethasone (20 mg IV every 6 to 12 hours).
If no improvement within 24 hours or continued rapid 
progression, switch to methylprednisolone 2 mg/kg followed by 
2 mg/kg divided 4 times per day.
After 2 doses of tocilizumab, consider alternative anti-cytokine 
agents.
Do not exceed 3 doses of tocilizumab in 24 hours, or 4 doses 
in total.
Grade 3
Symptoms require and 
respond to aggressive 
intervention.
Fever, oxygen 
requirement greater 
than or equal to 40% 
FiO2, or hypotension 
requiring high-dose or 
multiple vasopressors, 
or Grade 3 organ 
toxicity or Grade 4 
transaminitis.Per Grade 2 Administer dexamethasone 
10 mg IV every 12 hours.
If no improvement within 24 hours or rapid progression, 
repeat tocilizumab and escalate dose and frequency of 
dexamethasone (20 mg IV every 6 to 12 hours).
If no improvement within 24 hours or continued rapid 
progression, switch to methylprednisolone 2 mg/kg followed by 
2 mg/kg divided 4 times per day.
After 2 doses of tocilizumab, consider alternative anti-cytokine 
agents.
Do not exceed 3 doses of tocilizumab in 24 hours, or 4 doses 
in total.
Grade 4
Life-threatening 
symptoms.
Requirements 
for ventilator 
support, continuous 
veno-venous 
hemodialysis (CVVHD), 
or Grade 4 organ 
toxicity (excluding 
transaminitis).Per Grade 2Administer dexamethasone 
20 mg IV every 6 hours.
After 2 doses of tocilizumab, consider alternative anti-cytokine 
agents. Do not exceed 3 doses of tocilizumab in 24 hours, or 
4 doses in total.
If no improvement within 24 hours, consider 
methylprednisolone (1-2 g, repeat every 24 hours if needed; 
taper as clinically indicated) or other anti-T cell therapies.
a Lee criteria for grading CRS (Lee et al., 2014).
b If corticosteroids are initiated, continue corticosteroids for at least 3 doses, and taper over 
a maximum of seven days.
c Refer to tocilizumab Prescribing Information for details.
Neurologic Toxicity
Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of neurologic toxicities (Table 2). Rule out other 
causes of neurologic signs or symptoms. Provide intensive care supportive therapy for 
severe or life-threatening neurologic toxicities. If neurologic toxicity is suspected, manage 
according to the recommendations in Table 2.
If concurrent CRS is suspected during the neurologic toxicity event, administer:
• Corticosteroids according to the more aggressive intervention based on the CRS 
and neurologic toxicity grades in Tables 1 and 2
• Tocilizumab according to CRS grade in Table 1
• Antiseizure medication according to neurologic toxicity in Table 2ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel) ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel)Table 2: Neurologic Toxicity Grading and Management Guidance
Neurologic 
Toxicity Grade a Corticosteroids and Antiseizure Medications
Grade 1Start non-sedating, antiseizure medicines (e.g., levetiracetam) for 
seizure prophylaxis.
If 72 hours or more after infusion, observe patient.
If less than 72 hours after infusion, consider dexamethasone 10 mg IV 
every 12 to 24 hours for 2 to 3 days.
Grade 2Start non-sedating, antiseizure medicines (e.g., levetiracetam) for 
seizure prophylaxis.
Start dexamethasone 10 mg IV every 12 hours for 2-3 days, or longer 
for persistent symptoms.
Consider taper for a total corticosteroid exposure of greater than 
3 days. Corticosteroids are not recommended for isolated Grade 2 
headaches.
If no improvement after 24 hours or worsening of neurologic toxicity, 
increase the dose and/or frequency of dexamethasone up to a 
maximum of 20 mg IV every 6 hours.
Grade 3Start non-sedating, antiseizure medicines (e.g., levetiracetam) for 
seizure prophylaxis.
Start dexamethasone 10 to 20 mg IV every 6 to 12 hours. 
Corticosteroids are not recommended for isolated Grade 3 headaches.
If no improvement after 24 hours or worsening of neurologic toxicity, 
escalate to methylprednisolone (2 mg/kg loading dose, followed by 
2 mg/kg divided into 4 times a day; taper within 7 days).
If cerebral edema is suspected, consider hyperventilation and 
hyperosmolar therapy. Give high-dose methylprednisolone (1-2 g, 
repeat every 24 hours if needed; taper as clinically indicated) and 
cyclophosphamide 1.5 g/m2.
Grade 4Start non-sedating, antiseizure medicines (e.g., levetiracetam) for 
seizure prophylaxis.
Start dexamethasone 20 mg IV every 6 hours.
If no improvement after 24 hours or worsening of neurologic toxicity, 
escalate to high-dose methylprednisolone (1-2 g, repeat every 
24 hours if needed; taper as clinically indicated).
If cerebral edema is suspected, consider hyperventilation and 
hyperosmolar therapy. Give high-dose methylprednisolone (1-2 g, 
repeat every 24 hours if needed; taper as clinically indicated), and 
cyclophosphamide 1.5 g/m2.
a NCI CTCAE criteria for grading neurologic toxicities version 4.03.
3 DOSAGE FORMS AND STRENGTHS
ABECMA is a cell suspension for intravenous infusion.
A single dose of ABECMA contains a cell suspension of 300 to 510 x 106 chimeric 
antigen receptor (CAR)-positive T cells in one or more infusion bags [see How Supplied/
Storage and Handling (16)].
4 CONTRAINDICATIONS
None.
5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS
5.1 Early Death
In KarMMa-3, a randomized (2:1), controlled trial, a higher proportion of patients 
experienced death within nine months after randomization in the ABECMA arm (45/254; 
18%) compared to the standard regimens arm (15/132; 11%) [see Clinical Studies (14) ]. 
Early deaths occurred in 8% (20/254) and 0% prior to ABECMA infusion and standard 
regimen administration, respectively, and 10% (25/254) and 11% (15/132) after ABECMA 
infusion and standard regimen administration, respectively. Out of the 20 deaths that 
occurred prior to ABECMA infusion, 15 occurred from disease progression, 3 occurred 
from adverse events and 2 occurred from unknown causes. Out of the 25 deaths that 
occurred after ABECMA infusion, 10 occurred from disease progression, 11 occurred 
from adverse events, and 4 occurred from unknown causes.
5.2 Cytokine Release Syndrome (CRS)
CRS, including fatal or life-threatening reactions, occurred following treatment with 
ABECMA. Among patients receiving ABECMA for relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma 
in the KarMMa and KarMMa-3 studies (N=349), CRS occurred in 89% (310/349), 
including ≥Grade 3 CRS (Lee grading system) in 7% (23/349) of patients and Grade 5 
CRS in 0.9% (3/349) of patients. The median time-to-onset of CRS, any grade, was 
1 day (range: 1 to 27 days), and the median duration of CRS was 5 days (range: 1 to 
63 days). In the pooled studies, the rate of ≥Grade 3 CRS was 10% (7/71) for patients treated in dose range of 460 to 510 x 106 CAR-positive T cells and 5.4% (13/241) 
for patients treated in dose range of 300 to 460 x 106 CAR-positive T cells.
The most common manifestations of CRS (greater than or equal to 10%) included 
pyrexia (87%), hypotension (30%), tachycardia (26%), chills (19%), and hypoxia (16%). 
Grade 3 or higher events that may be associated with CRS include hypotension, hypoxia, 
hyperbilirubinemia, hypofibrinogenemia, ARDS, atrial fibrillation, hepatocellular injury, 
metabolic acidosis, pulmonary edema, coagulopathy, renal failure, multiple organ 
dysfunction syndrome and hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis/macrophage activation 
syndrome (HLH/MAS) [see Adverse Reactions (6.1)].
Identify CRS based on clinical presentation. Evaluate for and treat other causes of fever, 
hypoxia, and hypotension. CRS has been reported to be associated with findings of 
HLH/MAS, and the physiology of the syndromes may overlap. HLH/MAS is a potentially 
life-threatening condition. In patients with progressive symptoms of CRS or refractory 
CRS despite treatment, evaluate for evidence of HLH/MAS. Please see Section 5.4; 
Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis/Macrophage Activation Syndrome.
Of the 349 patients who received ABECMA in clinical trials, 226 (65%) patients received 
tocilizumab; 39% (135/349) received a single dose, while 26% (91/349) received more 
than 1 dose of tocilizumab. Overall, 24% (82/349) of patients received at least 1 dose of  
corticosteroids for treatment of CRS. Almost all patients who received corticosteroids for 
CRS also received tocilizumab. For patients treated in dose range of 460 to 510 x 106  
CAR-positive T cells, 76% (54/71) of patients received tocilizumab and 35% (25/71) 
received at least 1 dose of corticosteroids for treatment of CRS. For patients treated 
in dose range of 300 to 460 x 106 CAR-positive T cells, 63% (152/241) of patients 
received tocilizumab and 20% (49/241) received at least 1 dose of corticosteroid for 
treatment of CRS.
Ensure that a minimum of two doses of tocilizumab are available prior to infusion 
of ABECMA.
Monitor patients at least daily for seven days following ABECMA infusion at the REMS-
certified healthcare facility for signs and symptoms of CRS. Monitor patients for signs 
or symptoms of CRS for at least four weeks after infusion. At the first sign of CRS, 
institute treatment with supportive care, tocilizumab and/or corticosteroids as indicated 
[see Dosage and Administration (2.3)].
Counsel patients to seek immediate medical attention should signs or symptoms of CRS 
occur at any time [see Patient Counseling Information (17)].
5.3 Neurologic Toxicities
Neurologic toxicities, including immune-effector cell-associated neurotoxicity (ICANS), 
which may be severe or life-threatening, occurred concurrently with CRS, after CRS 
resolution, or in the absence of CRS following treatment with ABECMA.
In patients receiving ABECMA in the KarMMa and KarMMa-3 studies, CAR T cell-
associated neurotoxicity occurred in 40% (139/349), including Grade 3 in 4% (14/349) 
and Grade 4 in 0.6% (2/349) of patients. The median time to onset of neurotoxicity was 
2 days (range: 1 to 148 days). The median duration of CAR T cell-associated neurotoxicity 
was 8 days (range: 1 to 720 days) in all patients including those with ongoing neurologic 
events at the time of death or data cut off. CAR T cell-associated neurotoxicity resolved 
in 123 of 139 (88%) patients and median time to resolution was 5 days (range: 1 to 
245 days). One-hundred and thirty four out of 349 (38%) patients with neurotoxicity 
had CRS. The onset of neurotoxicity during CRS was observed in 93 patients, before 
the onset of CRS in 12 patients, and after the CRS event in 29 patients. The rate of 
Grade 3 or 4 CAR T cell-associated neurotoxicity was 5.6% (4/71) and 3.7% (9/241) 
for patients treated in dose range of 460 to 510 x 106 CAR-positive T cells and 300 to 
460 x 106 CAR-positive T cells, respectively. The most frequent (greater than or equal to 
5%) manifestations of CAR T cell-associated neurotoxicity include encephalopathy (21%), 
headache (15%), dizziness (8%), delirium (6%), and tremor (6%).
At the safety update for KarMMa-3 study, one patient developed fatal neurotoxicity 
43 days after ABECMA. In KarMMa, one patient had ongoing Grade 2 neurotoxicity at 
the time of death. Two patients had ongoing Grade 1 tremor at the time of data cutoff.
Cerebral edema has been associated with ABECMA in a patient in another study in 
multiple myeloma. Grade 3 myelitis and Grade 3 parkinsonism have occurred after 
treatment with ABECMA in another study in multiple myeloma.
Monitor patients at least daily for seven days following ABECMA infusion at the REMS-
certified healthcare facility for signs and symptoms of neurologic toxicities. Rule out other 
causes of neurologic symptoms. Monitor patients for signs or symptoms of neurologic 
toxicities for at least four weeks after infusion and treat promptly. Neurologic toxicity 
should be managed with supportive care and/or corticosteroids as needed [see Dosage 
and Administration (2.3)].
Counsel patients to seek immediate medical attention should signs or symptoms of 
neurologic toxicity occur at any time [see Patient Counseling Information (17)].
5.4 Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis (HLH)/Macrophage Activation 
Syndrome (MAS)
In patients receiving ABECMA in the KarMMa and KarMMa-3 studies, HLH/MAS occurred 
in 2.9% (10/349) of patients. All events of HLH/MAS had onset within 10 days of 
receiving ABECMA, with a median onset of 6.5 days (range: 4 to 10 days) and occurred 
in the setting of ongoing or worsening CRS. Five patients with HLH/MAS had overlapping ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel) ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel)neurotoxicity. The manifestations of HLH/MAS include hypotension, hypoxia, multiple 
organ dysfunction, renal dysfunction, and cytopenia.
In KarMMa-3, one patient had Grade 5, two patients had Grade 4 and two patients had 
Grade 3 HLH/MAS. The patient with Grade 5 HLH/MAS also had Grade 5 candida sepsis 
and Grade 5 CRS. In another patient who died due to stroke, the Grade 4 HLH/MAS  
had resolved prior to death. Two cases of Grade 3 and one case of Grade 4 HLH/MAS 
had resolved.
In KarMMa, one patient treated in the 300 x 106 CAR-positive T cells dose cohort 
developed fatal multi-organ HLH/MAS with CRS. In another patient with fatal 
bronchopulmonary aspergillosis, HLH/MAS was contributory to the fatal outcome. Three 
cases of Grade 2 HLH/MAS resolved.
HLH/MAS is a potentially life-threatening condition with a high mortality rate if not 
recognized early and treated. Treatment of HLH/MAS should be administered per 
institutional standards.
5.5 ABECMA REMS
Because of the risk of CRS and neurologic toxicities, ABECMA is available only through 
a restricted program under a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) called the 
ABECMA REMS [see Boxed Warning and Warnings and Precautions (5.2, 5.3)].
The required components of the ABECMA REMS are:
• Healthcare facilities that dispense and administer ABECMA must be enrolled and 
comply with the REMS requirements.
• Certified healthcare facilities must have on-site, immediate access to tocilizumab.
• Ensure that a minimum of two doses of tocilizumab are available for each patient for  
infusion within two hours after ABECMA infusion, if needed for treatment of CRS.
• Further information is available at www.AbecmaREMS.com or contact 
Bristol-Myers Squibb at 1-866-340-7332.
5.6 Hypersensitivity Reactions
Allergic reactions may occur with the infusion of ABECMA. Serious hypersensitivity 
reactions, including anaphylaxis, may be due to dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) in ABECMA.
5.7 Infections
ABECMA should not be administered to patients with active infections or inflammatory 
disorders. Severe, life-threatening, or fatal infections occurred in patients after 
ABECMA infusion.
In all patients receiving ABECMA in the KarMMa and KarMMa-3, infections (all grades) 
occurred in 61% of patients. Grade 3 or 4 infections occurred in 21% of patients. 
Grade 3 or 4 infections with an unspecified pathogen occurred in 12%, viral infections 
in 7%, bacterial infections in 4.3%, and fungal infections in 1.4% of patients. Overall, 
15 patients had Grade 5 infections (4.3%); 8 patients (2.3%) with infections of pathogen 
unspecified, 3 patients (0.9%) with fungal infections, 3 patients (0.9%) with viral 
infections, and 1 patient (0.3%) with bacterial infection.
Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infection before and after ABECMA infusion 
and treat appropriately. Administer prophylactic, pre-emptive, and/or therapeutic 
antimicrobials according to standard institutional guidelines.
Febrile neutropenia was observed in 38% (133/349) of patients after ABECMA infusion 
and may be concurrent with CRS. In the event of febrile neutropenia, evaluate for 
infection and manage with broad-spectrum antibiotics, fluids, and other supportive care 
as medically indicated.
Viral Reactivation
Cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection resulting in pneumonia and death has occurred 
following ABECMA administration. Monitor and treat for CMV reactivation in accordance 
with clinical guidelines.
Hepatitis B virus (HBV) reactivation, in some cases resulting in fulminant hepatitis, 
hepatic failure, and death, can occur in patients treated with drugs directed against 
plasma cells.
Perform screening for CMV, HBV, hepatitis C virus (HCV), and human immunodeficiency 
virus (HIV) in accordance with clinical guidelines before collection of cells for 
manufacturing.
Consider antiviral therapy to prevent viral reactivation per local institutional guidelines/
clinical practice.
5.8 Prolonged Cytopenias
Patients may exhibit prolonged cytopenias following lymphodepleting chemotherapy and 
ABECMA infusion.
In patients receiving ABECMA in the KarMMa and KarMMa-3 studies, 40% of patients 
(139/349) experienced prolonged Grade 3 or 4 neutropenia and 42% (145/349) 
experienced prolonged Grade 3 or 4 thrombocytopenia that had not resolved by Month 
1 following ABECMA infusion. In 89% (123/139) of patients who recovered from Grade 3 
or 4 neutropenia after Month 1, the median time to recovery from ABECMA infusion was 1.9 months. In 76% (110/145) of patients who recovered from Grade 3 or 4 
thrombocytopenia, the median time to recovery was 1.9 months. Five patients underwent 
stem cell therapy for hematopoietic reconstitution due to prolonged cytopenia. The rate 
of Grade 3 or 4 thrombocytopenia was 62% (44/71) and 56% (135/241) for patients 
treated in dose range of 460 to 510 x 106 CAR-positive T cells and 300 to 460 x 106 
CAR-positive T cells, respectively. 
Monitor blood counts prior to and after ABECMA infusion. Manage cytopenia with myeloid 
growth factor and blood product transfusion support according to local institutional 
guidelines.
5.9 Hypogammaglobulinemia
Plasma cell aplasia and hypogammaglobulinemia can occur in patients receiving 
treatment with ABECMA.
In all patients receiving ABECMA in the KarMMa and KarMMa-3 studies, 
hypogammaglobulinemia was reported as an adverse event in 13% (46/349) of patients; 
laboratory IgG levels fell below 500 mg/dL after infusion in 37% (130/349) of patients 
treated with ABECMA.
Hypogammaglobulinemia either as an adverse reaction or laboratory IgG level below 
500 mg/dL after infusion occurred in 45% (158/349) of patients treated with ABECMA. 
Forty-one percent of patients received intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) post-ABECMA 
for serum IgG <400 mg/dL.
Monitor immunoglobulin levels after treatment with ABECMA and administer IVIG for IgG 
<400 mg/dL. Manage per local institutional guidelines, including infection precautions 
and antibiotic or antiviral prophylaxis.
Use of Live Vaccines
The safety of immunization with live viral vaccines during or following ABECMA treatment 
has not been studied. Vaccination with live virus vaccines is not recommended for at 
least six weeks prior to the start of lymphodepleting chemotherapy, during ABECMA 
treatment, and until immune recovery following treatment with ABECMA.
5.10 Secondary Malignancies
Patients treated with ABECMA may develop secondary malignancies. In KarMMa-3, 
myeloid neoplasms (four cases of myelodysplastic syndrome and one case of acute 
myeloid leukemia) occurred in 2.2% (5/222) of patients following treatment with 
ABECMA compared to none in the standard regimens arm at the time of the safety 
update. The median time to onset of myeloid neoplasm from ABECMA infusion was 
338 days (Range: 277 to 794 days). Three of these five patients have died following 
the development of myeloid neoplasm. One out of the five cases of myeloid neoplasm 
occurred after initiation of subsequent antimyeloma therapy.
T cell malignancies have occurred following treatment of hematologic malignancies 
with BCMA- and CD19-directed genetically modified autologous T cell immunotherapies, 
including ABECMA. Mature T cell malignancies, including CAR-positive tumors, may 
present as soon as weeks following infusion, and may include fatal outcomes [see Boxed 
Warning, Adverse Reactions (6.3), Patient Counseling Information (17)].
Monitor life-long for secondary malignancies. In the event that a secondary malignancy 
occurs, contact Bristol-Myers Squibb at 1-888-805-4555 for reporting and to obtain 
instructions on collection of patient samples for testing of secondary malignancy.
5.11 Effects on Ability to Drive and Use Machines
Due to the potential for neurologic events, including altered mental status or seizures, 
patients receiving ABECMA are at risk for altered or decreased consciousness or 
coordination in the eight weeks following ABECMA infusion. Advise patients to refrain 
from driving and engaging in hazardous occupations or activities, such as operating 
heavy or potentially dangerous machinery, during this initial period.
6 ADVERSE REACTIONS
The following adverse reactions are described elsewhere in the labeling:
• Early Death [see Warnings and Precautions (5.1), Clinical Studies (14)]
• Cytokine Release Syndrome [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2)]
• Neurologic Toxicities [see Warnings and Precautions (5.3)]
• Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis (HLH)/Macrophage Activation Syndrome 
(MAS) [see Warnings and Precautions (5.4)]
• Hypersensitivity Reactions [see Warnings and Precautions (5.6)]
• Infections [see Warnings and Precautions (5.7)]
• Prolonged Cytopenias [see Warnings and Precautions (5.8)]
• Hypogammaglobulinemia [see Warnings and Precautions (5.9)]
6.1 Clinical Trials Experience
Because clinical trials are conducted under widely varying conditions, adverse reaction 
rates observed in the clinical trials of a drug cannot be directly compared to rates in the 
clinical trials of another drug and may not reflect the rates observed in clinical practice.
The safety data described in the WARNINGS and PRECAUTIONS section reflect 
exposure to ABECMA in 349 patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma:  ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel) ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel)one randomized, open-label study with 222 patients in KarMMa-3 and one single-arm, 
open-label study with 127 patients in KarMMa.
KarMMa-3 Study
The safety data described in this section reflect the exposure to ABECMA in the 
KarMMa-3 study, in which 222 patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma 
received ABECMA across a dose range of 175 to 529 x 106 CAR-positive T cells (median 
dose: 445 x 106 CAR-positive T cells) [see Clinical Studies (14)] . Patients with a history 
of CNS disease or requiring ongoing treatment with chronic immunosuppression were 
excluded. The median age of the safety population was 63 years (range: 30 to 81 years); 
43% were 65 years or older, and 63% were men. The Eastern Cooperative Oncology 
Group (ECOG) performance status at baseline was 0 in 47%, 1 in 51%, 2 in 1.4% and  
3 in 0.5% of patients. Four (1.8%) patients treated with ABECMA had creatinine 
clearance <45 mL/min. For details about the study population, see Clinical Studies (14). 
The most common (greater than or equal to 10%) Grade 3 or 4 nonlaboratory adverse 
reactions was febrile neutropenia (51%) and any infections (16%).
The most common nonlaboratory adverse reactions (incidence greater than or equal to 
20%) included CRS, pyrexia, any infection, febrile neutropenia, hypogammaglobulinemia, 
musculoskeletal pain, hypotension, infections – pathogen unspecified, fatigue, 
tachycardia, diarrhea, nausea, headache, encephalopathy, dyspnea and edema.
Serious adverse reactions occurred in 43% of patients. The most common nonlaboratory 
(greater than or equal to 5%) serious adverse reactions included infections – pathogen 
unspecified (10%), pneumonia (9%), viral infections (8%), encephalopathy (6%), pyrexia 
(6%) and sepsis (5%). Fatal adverse reactions occurred in 9%.
Table 3 summarizes the adverse reactions that occurred in at least 10% of patients 
treated with ABECMA. Table 4 describes the most common Grade 3 or 4 laboratory 
abnormalities.
Table 3: Adverse Reactions Observed in at Least 10% of Patients Treated in 
the KarMMa-3 Study
ABECMA  
(N=222)Standard Regimens  
(N=126)
Any Grade  
(%)Grade 3 or 4  
(%)Any Grade  
(%)Grade 3 or 4  
(%)
Blood and lymphatic system disorders
 Febrile neutropenia 51 51 28 28
 Coagulopathy a  14 2.7 4.8 0.8
Cardiac disorders
 Tachycardia b  32 0 21 0
Gastrointestinal disorders
 Diarrhea c  31 2.3 35 3.2
 Nausea 27 0.9 48 0
 Constipation 17 0 15 0
 Vomiting d  14 0 17 0
 Abdominal pain e  10 0.5 14 0
General disorders and administration site conditions
 Pyrexia 91 9 53 6
 Fatigue f  33 1.4 48 4
 Edema g  20 0.5 28 2.4
 Chills 19 0.5 13 0
Immune system disorders
 Cytokine release syndrome 91 4.1 40 0.8
 Hypogammaglobulinemia 48 0.9 25 0
Infections and infestations
 Any infection 56 16 64 18
 Infections – Pathogen  
 unspecified h 35 9 40 11
 Upper respiratory tract  
 infection i 19 1.8 17 0.8
 Infections – Viral h  18 5 28 6
 Infections – Bacterial h  15 4.5 19 8
 Pneumonia j  13 8 13 11
Metabolism and nutrition disorders
 Decreased appetite 17 1.8 21 0
Musculoskeletal and connective tissue disorders
 Musculoskeletal pain k  36 1.8 49 8
(Continued)Table 3: Adverse Reactions Observed in at Least 10% of Patients Treated in 
the KarMMa-3 Study
ABECMA  
(N=222)Standard Regimens  
(N=126)
Any Grade  
(%)Grade 3 or 4  
(%)Any Grade  
(%)Grade 3 or 4  
(%)
Nervous system disorders
 Headache l  24 0 29 1.6
 Encephalopathy m  22 3.6 21 4.8
 Dizziness n  14 1.8 18 3.2
 Neuropathy o  10 0 21 0.8
Psychiatric disorders
 Sleep disorder p  11 0 22 2.4
Renal and urinary disorders
 Renal failure q  13 5 15 4
Respiratory, thoracic, and mediastinal disorders
 Dyspnea r  21 1.8 31 2.4
 Cough s  14 0 21 0
 Hypoxia t  18 6 8 1.6
Vascular disorders
 Hypotension u  36 2.3 19 1.6
 Hypertension 14 7 21 11
Skin disorders
 Rash v  10 0 19 0.8
CAR=chimeric antigen receptor.
a Coagulopathy includes activated partial thromboplastin time prolonged, blood fibrinogen 
decreased, coagulopathy, disseminated intravascular coagulation, hypofibrinogenemia, 
international normalized ratio increased, prothrombin time prolonged.
b Tachycardia includes heart rate increased, sinus tachycardia, tachycardia.
c Diarrhea includes colitis, colitis microscopic, diarrhea, enterocolitis.
d Vomiting includes retching, vomiting.
e Abdominal pain includes abdominal discomfort, abdominal pain, abdominal pain lower, 
abdominal pain upper, dyspepsia.
f Fatigue includes asthenia, fatigue, malaise, muscle fatigue.
g Edema includes edema, edema peripheral, generalized edema, peripheral swelling, 
swelling, eyelid edema, face edema, fluid retention, hypervolemia, localized edema, mouth 
swelling, periorbital edema, periorbital swelling, swelling face.
h Infections and infestations System Organ Class Adverse Events are grouped by high level 
grouped term (HLGT) pathogen type. 
i Upper respiratory tract infection includes acute sinusitis, epiglottitis, HCoV-OC43 infection, 
nasopharyngitis, pharyngeal inflammation, pharyngitis, pharyngitis streptococcal, 
respiratory tract infection, respiratory tract infection bacterial, rhinitis, rhinovirus infection, 
sinusitis, upper respiratory tract infection, viral upper respiratory tract infection.
j Pneumonia includes bronchopulmonary aspergillosis, coronavirus pneumonia, COVID-19 
pneumonia, organizing pneumonia, pneumonia, pneumonia acinetobacter, pneumonia 
adenoviral, pneumonia aspiration, pneumonia bacterial, pneumonia fungal, pneumonia 
influenzas, pneumonia legionella, pneumonia parainfluenza viral, pneumonia pseudomonal, 
pneumonia streptococcal, pneumonia viral, pulmonary nocardiosis.
k Musculoskeletal pain includes arthralgia, back pain, bone pain, joint stiffness, muscle 
strain, musculoskeletal chest pain, musculoskeletal discomfort, musculoskeletal pain, 
musculoskeletal stiffness, myalgia, neck pain, non-cardiac chest pain. 
l Headache includes headache, head discomfort.
m Encephalopathy includes amnesia, cognitive disorder, confusional state, depressed level 
of consciousness, disturbance in attention, dysgraphia, encephalopathy, Immune effector 
cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome incoherent, lethargy, memory impairment, mental 
status changes, metabolic encephalopathy, somnolence, stupor, toxic encephalopathy.
n Dizziness includes dizziness, presyncope, syncope, vertigo, vertigo positional, vestibular 
disorder.
o Neuropathy includes carpal tunnel syndrome, dysesthesia, hyperesthesia, hypoesthesia, 
hypoesthesia oral, mononeuropathy, neuralgia, neuritis, neuropathy peripheral, paresthesia, 
paresthesia oral, peripheral motor neuropathy, peripheral sensorimotor neuropathy, 
peripheral sensory neuropathy, peroneal nerve palsy, radicular pain, radiculopathy, sacral 
radiculopathy, sciatica, sensory loss, toxic neuropathy.
p Sleep disorder includes hypersomnia, insomnia, sleep disorder.
q Renal failure includes acute kidney injury, blood creatinine increased, chronic kidney 
disease, creatinine renal clearance decreased, glomerular filtration rate decreased, 
nephropathy toxic, oliguria, renal failure, renal impairment, urine output decreased.
r Dyspnea includes dyspnea, dyspnea exertional, dyspnea paroxysmal nocturnal, tachypnea.
s Cough includes cough, productive cough, upper-airway cough syndrome.
t Hypoxia includes hypoxia, oxygen saturation decreased.
u Hypotension includes hemodynamic instability, hypotension, orthostatic hypotension.
v Rash includes acne, catheter site dermatitis, catheter site rash, dermatitis, dermatitis 
contact, drug eruption, eczema, erythema, papulopustular rosacea, photosensitivity 
reaction, rash, rash follicular, rash macular, rash maculo-papular, rash papular, rash 
pruritic, skin irritation, skin lesion, urticaria.(Continued)ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel) ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel)Other clinically important adverse reactions that occurred in less than 10% of patients 
treated with ABECMA include the following: 
• Cardiac disorders: cardiac arrhythmia (7%)
• Gastrointestinal disorders: gastrointestinal hemorrhage (0.5%)
• Immune system disorders: hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (2.3%)
• Infections and infestations: infections - fungal (5%), sepsis a (6%)
• Musculoskeletal and connective tissue disorders: motor dysfunction b (9%)
• Nervous system disorders: tremor c (4.1%), aphasia d (3.2%), ataxia e (2.3%),  
seizure (0.5%)
• Psychiatric disorders: anxiety (4.1%), delirium f (7%)
• Respiratory, thoracic, and mediastinal disorders: pulmonary edema g (1.4%)
• Vascular disorders: thrombosis h (3.2%)
a Sepsis includes bacteremia, bacterial sepsis, candida sepsis, citrobacter bacteremia, 
clostridial sepsis, device related bacteremia, enterococcal sepsis, klebsiella bacteremia, 
klebsiella sepsis, multiple organ dysfunction syndrome, neutropenic sepsis, pulmonary 
sepsis, sepsis, septic shock, staphylococcal bacteremia, streptococcal bacteremia, 
streptococcal sepsis.
b Motor dysfunction includes akathisia, dyskinesia, dysphonia, hypertonia, muscle spasms, 
muscle twitching, muscular weakness, restless legs syndrome.
c Tremor includes head titubation, intention tremor, resting tremor, tremor.
d Aphasia includes aphasia, dysarthria, slow speech, speech disorder.
e Ataxia includes ataxia, balance disorder, dysmetria, gait disturbance.
f Delirium includes agitation, delirium, disorientation, hallucination, hallucination auditory, 
hallucination visual, restlessness.
g Pulmonary edema includes pulmonary congestion and pulmonary edema.
h Thrombosis includes deep vein thrombosis, device related thrombosis, embolism, 
pulmonary embolism, thrombosis, thrombosis in device.
Laboratory Abnormalities
Table 4 presents the most common Grade 3 or 4 laboratory abnormalities, based on 
laboratory data, occurring in at least 10% of patients.
Table 4: Grade 3 or 4 a Laboratory Abnormalities Worsening from Baseline in 
at Least 10% of Patients Treated in the KarMMa-3 Study 
Laboratory AbnormalityABECMA
 N=222
(%)Standard Regimens 
N=126 
(%)
Grade 3 or 4 (%) Grade 3 or 4 (%)
Lymphocyte decreased 98 78
Leukocyte decreased 96 64
Neutrophil decreased 96 72
Platelet decreased 59 46
Hemoglobin decreased 52 45
Phosphate decreased 45 30
Triglyceride increased 21 10
Alanine aminotransferase increased 13 8
Sodium decreased 11 7
Gamma-glutamyltransferase increased 10 6
CAR=chimeric antigen receptor; CTCAE=Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events; 
NCI=National Cancer Institute.
a Laboratory tests were graded according to NCI CTCAE Version 4.03.
Other clinically important Grade 3 or 4 laboratory abnormalities (based on laboratory 
data) that occurred in less than 10% of patients treated with ABECMA include the 
following: aspartate aminotransferase increased, potassium decreased, albumin 
decreased, alkaline phosphatase increased, calcium decreased, glucose increased, 
activated partial thromboplastin time increased (seconds), fibrinogen decreased, bilirubin 
increased and hypomagnesemia. 
KarMMa Study
The safety data described in this section reflect the exposure to ABECMA in the KarMMa 
study, in which 127 patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma received 
ABECMA across a dose range of 150 to 518 x 106 CAR-positive T cells [see Clinical 
Studies (14)] . Patients with a history of CNS disease (such as seizure or cerebrovascular 
ischemia) or requiring ongoing treatment with chronic immunosuppression were 
excluded. The median duration of follow-up was 11.4 months. The median age of the 
study population was 61 years (range: 33 to 78 years); 35% were 65 years or older, and 
60% were men. The Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status at 
baseline was 0 in 45%, 1 in 53%, and 2 in 2% of patients. Seven percent of the patients 
treated with ABECMA had creatinine clearance <45 mL/min. For details about the study 
population, see Clinical Studies (14). 
The most common (greater than or equal to 10%) Grade 3 or 4 nonlaboratory adverse 
reactions were febrile neutropenia (16%) and infections – pathogen unspecified (15%). The most common nonlaboratory adverse reactions (incidence greater than or equal 
to 20%) included CRS, infections – pathogen unspecified, fatigue, musculoskeletal 
pain, hypogammaglobulinemia, diarrhea, upper respiratory tract infection, nausea, viral 
infections, encephalopathy, edema, pyrexia, cough, headache, and decreased appetite.
Serious adverse reactions occurred in 67% of patients. The most common nonlaboratory 
(greater than or equal to 5%) serious adverse reactions included CRS (18%), general 
physical health deterioration (10%), pneumonia (12%), infections-pathogen unspecified 
(19%), viral infections (9%), sepsis (7%), and febrile neutropenia (6%). Fatal adverse 
reactions occurred in 6%.
Table 5 summarizes the adverse reactions that occurred in at least 10% of patients 
treated with ABECMA. Table 6 describes the most common Grade 3 or 4 laboratory 
abnormalities.
Table 5: Adverse Reactions Observed in at Least 10% of Patients Treated 
with ABECMA in the KarMMa Study
System Organ Class
Preferred TermTarget Dose of ABECMA (CAR-Positive T Cells)
Any Grade Grade 3 or Higher
[150 to 450 x 106] 
(N=127)  
%[150 to 450 x 106] 
(N=127)  
%
Blood and lymphatic system disorders
 Febrile neutropenia 16 16
Cardiac disorders
 Tachycardia a  19 0
Gastrointestinal disorders
 Diarrhea 35 1.6
 Nausea 29 0
 Constipation 16 0
 Vomiting 15 0
 Oral pain b  12 0
General disorders and administration site conditions
 Fatigue c  45 3.1
 Pyrexia 25 1.6
 General physical health deterioration 11 10
 Edema d  25 0
 Chills 11 0
Immune system disorders
 Cytokine release syndrome 85 9
 Hypogammaglobulinemia e  41 0.8
Infections and infestations f 
 Infections – Pathogen unspecified 51 15
 Viral infections 27 9
 Bacterial infections 15 3.9
 Pneumonia g  17 9
 Upper respiratory tract infection h  34 1.6
Investigations
 Weight decreased 13 1.6
Metabolism and nutrition disorders
 Decreased appetite i  22 0.8
Musculoskeletal and connective tissue disorders
 Musculoskeletal pain j  45 3.1
 Motor dysfunction k  11 0
Nervous system disorders
 Encephalopathy l  26 6
 Headache m  23 0
 Dizziness n  17 0.8
 Neuropathy peripheral o  17 0.8
 Tremor p  10 0
Psychiatric disorders
 Insomnia q  13 0
 Anxiety r  12 0.8
Renal and urinary disorders
 Renal failure s  10 2.4
(Continued)ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel) ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel)Table 5: Adverse Reactions Observed in at Least 10% of Patients Treated 
with ABECMA in the KarMMa Study
Respiratory, thoracic, and mediastinal disorders
 Cough t  23 0
 Dyspnea u  13 2.4
Skin and subcutaneous tissue disorder
 Rash v  14 0.8
 Xerosis w  11 0
Vascular disorders
 Hypotension x  17 0
 Hypertension 11 3.1
CAR=chimeric antigen receptor.
a Tachycardia includes sinus tachycardia, tachycardia.
b Oral pain includes oral pain, oropharyngeal pain, toothache.
c Fatigue includes asthenia, fatigue, malaise.
d Edema includes edema, face edema, fluid overload, fluid retention, generalized edema, 
peripheral edema, peripheral swelling, scrotal swelling, swelling.
e Hypogammaglobulinemia includes patients with adverse events (21%) of blood 
immunoglobulin G decreased, hypogammaglobulinemia, hypoglobulinemia; and/or patients 
with laboratory IgG levels below 500 mg/dL following ABECMA infusion (25%).
f Infections and infestations System Organ Class Adverse Events are grouped by pathogen 
type and selected clinical syndromes.
g Pneumonia includes bronchopulmonary aspergillosis, lung infection, pneumonia, 
pneumonia aspiration, pneumonia cytomegaloviral, pneumonia pneumococcal, pneumonia 
pseudomonal. Pneumonias may also be included under pathogen categories.
h Upper respiratory tract infection includes laryngitis, nasopharyngitis, pharyngeal erythema, 
pharyngitis, respiratory tract congestion, respiratory tract infection, rhinitis, rhinovirus 
infection, sinusitis, upper respiratory tract infection, upper respiratory tract infection 
bacterial. Upper respiratory tract infections may also be included under pathogen 
categories.
i Decreased appetite includes decreased appetite, hypophagia.
j Musculoskeletal pain includes arthralgia, back pain, bone pain, musculoskeletal chest pain, 
musculoskeletal discomfort, musculoskeletal pain, musculoskeletal stiffness, myalgia, neck 
pain, spinal pain.
k Motor dysfunction includes dysphonia, eyelid ptosis, hypotonia, motor dysfunction, muscle 
spasms, muscular weakness, restless legs syndrome.
l Encephalopathy includes amnesia, bradyphrenia, cognitive disorder, confusional state, 
depressed level of consciousness, disturbance in attention, dyscalculia, dysgraphia, 
encephalopathy, lethargy, memory impairment, mental status changes, metabolic 
encephalopathy, somnolence, toxic encephalopathy.
m Headache includes headache, head discomfort, sinus headache.
n Dizziness includes dizziness, presyncope, syncope, vertigo.
o Neuropathy peripheral includes carpal tunnel syndrome, hypoesthesia, hypoesthesia 
oral, neuralgia, neuropathy peripheral, paresthesia, peripheral sensorimotor neuropathy, 
peripheral sensory neuropathy, sciatica.
p Tremor includes asterixis, tremor.
q Insomnia includes insomnia, sleep deficit, sleep disorder.
r Anxiety includes anxiety, feeling jittery, nervousness.
s Renal failure includes acute kidney injury, blood creatinine increased, chronic kidney 
disease, renal failure, renal impairment.
t Cough includes cough, productive cough, upper-airway cough syndrome.
u Dyspnea includes acute respiratory failure, dyspnea, dyspnea exertional, respiratory failure.
v Rash includes acne, dermatitis, dermatitis bullous, erythema, rash, rash macular, rash 
papular, urticaria.
w Xerosis includes dry eye, dry mouth, dry skin, lip dry, xerosis.
x Hypotension includes hypotension, orthostatic hypotension.
Other clinically important adverse reactions that occurred in less than 10% of patients 
treated with ABECMA include the following:
• Blood and lymphatic system disorders: coagulopathy  a (9%)
• Cardiac disorders: atrial fibrillation (4.7%), cardiomyopathy b (1.6%)
• Gastrointestinal disorders: gastrointestinal hemorrhage c (3.1%)
• Immune system disorders: hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (3.1%)
• Infections and infestations: fungal infections (8%), sepsis d (9%)
• Nervous system disorders: aphasia e (7%), ataxia f (3.1%), paresis g (2.4%), seizure 
(1.6%)
• Psychiatric disorders: delirium h (6%)
• Respiratory, thoracic, and mediastinal disorders: hypoxia (2.4%), pulmonary edema 
(2.4%)
• Vascular disorders: thrombosis i (3.1%)
a Coagulopathy includes activated partial thromboplastin time prolonged, anticoagulation 
drug level above therapeutic, disseminated intravascular coagulation, international 
normalized ratio increased.
b Cardiomyopathy includes stress cardiomyopathy, ventricular hypertrophy.c Gastrointestinal hemorrhage includes gastrointestinal hemorrhage, hemorrhoidal 
hemorrhage, melena.
d Sepsis includes bacteremia, enterococcal bacteremia, Escherichia bacteremia, sepsis, 
septic shock, Serratia bacteremia, streptococcal bacteremia.
e Aphasia includes aphasia, dysarthria.
f Ataxia includes ataxia, gait disturbance, Romberg test positive.
g Paresis includes cranial nerve disorder, hemiparesis.
h Delirium includes delirium, disorientation, hallucination.
i Thrombosis includes deep vein thrombosis, jugular vein thrombosis, portal vein 
thrombosis, pulmonary embolism.
Laboratory Abnormalities
Table 6 presents the most common Grade 3 or 4 laboratory abnormalities, based on 
laboratory data, occurring in at least 10% of patients.
Table 6: Grade 3 or 4 a Laboratory Abnormalities Worsening from Baseline in 
at Least 10% of Patients Treated with ABECMA in the KarMMa Study 
Laboratory AbnormalityDose=[150 to 450 x 106 CAR-Positive T cells]  
(N=127)  
%
Grade 3 or 4 (%)
Neutrophil decreased 96
Leukocyte decreased 96
Lymphocyte decreased 92
Platelet decreased 63
Hemoglobin decreased 63
Phosphate decreased 45
Sodium decreased 10
aPTT increased (seconds) 10
a NCI CTCAE = Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version 4.03.
aPTT = activated partial thromboplastin time; CAR=chimeric antigen receptor; 
CTCAE = Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events; NCI=National Cancer Institute.
Laboratory tests were graded according to NCI CTCAE Version 4.03. Laboratory 
abnormalities are sorted by decreasing frequency in the 150 to 450 x 106 column.
Other clinically important Grade 3 or 4 laboratory abnormalities (based on laboratory 
data) that occurred in less than 10% of patients treated with ABECMA include the 
following: alanine aminotransferase increased, aspartate aminotransferase increased, 
albumin decreased, alkaline phosphatase increased, glucose increased, potassium 
decreased, bilirubin increased, fibrinogen decreased, and calcium decreased.
6.2 Immunogenicity
ABECMA has the potential to induce anti-product antibodies. In clinical studies, humoral 
immunogenicity of ABECMA was measured by determination of anti-CAR antibody in 
serum pre- and post-administration. In the clinical studies, 2.6% of patients (9/349) 
tested positive for pre-infusion anti-CAR antibodies and treatment-induced anti-CAR 
antibodies were detected in 53% (186/349) of the patients. There is no identified 
clinically significant impact of pre-existing or post-infusion anti-CAR antibodies on the 
cellular expansion, safety, or effectiveness of ABECMA.
6.3 Postmarketing Experience
Because adverse events to marketed products are reported voluntarily from a population 
of uncertain size, it is not always possible to reliably estimate their frequency or establish 
a causal relationship to product exposure.
The following adverse event has been identified during postmarketing use of ABECMA:
Nervous system disorders:  Immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity 
syndrome (ICANS).
The following adverse event has been identified during postmarketing use of BCMA- or 
CD19-directed genetically modified autologous T cell immunotherapies:
Neoplasms:  T cell malignancies.
7 DRUG INTERACTIONS
Drug/Laboratory Test Interactions
HIV and the lentivirus used to make ABECMA have limited, short spans of identical 
genetic material (RNA). Therefore, some commercial HIV nucleic acid tests may yield 
false-positive results in patients who have received ABECMA.
8 USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONS
8.1 Pregnancy
Risk Summary
There are no available data with ABECMA use in pregnant women. No animal 
reproductive and developmental toxicity studies have been conducted with ABECMA to 
assess whether it can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman.(Continued)ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel) ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel)It is not known if ABECMA has the potential to be transferred to the fetus. Based on the 
mechanism of action, if the transduced cells cross the placenta, they may cause fetal 
toxicity, including plasma cell aplasia or hypogammaglobulinemia. Therefore, ABECMA is 
not recommended for women who are pregnant, and pregnancy after ABECMA infusion 
should be discussed with the treating physician. Assess immunoglobulin levels in 
newborns of mothers treated with ABECMA.
The estimated background risk of major birth defects and miscarriage for the indicated 
population is unknown. The estimated background risk in the U.S. general population 
of major birth defects is 2% to 4% and of miscarriage is 15% to 20% of clinically 
recognized pregnancies.
8.2 Lactation
Risk Summary
There is no information regarding the presence of ABECMA in human milk, the effect on 
the breastfed infant, and the effects on milk production. The developmental and health 
benefits of breastfeeding should be considered along with the mother’s clinical need for 
ABECMA and any potential adverse effects on the breastfed infant from ABECMA or from 
the underlying maternal condition.
8.3 Females and Males of Reproductive Potential
Pregnancy Testing
Pregnancy status of sexually active females with reproductive potential should be verified 
via pregnancy testing prior to starting treatment with ABECMA.
Contraception
See the prescribing information for fludarabine and cyclophosphamide for information 
on the need for effective contraception in patients who receive the lymphodepleting 
chemotherapy.
There are insufficient exposure data to provide a recommendation concerning duration 
of contraception following treatment with ABECMA.
Infertility
There are no data on the effect of ABECMA on fertility.
8.4 Pediatric Use
The safety and efficacy of ABECMA in patients under 18 years of age have not been 
established.
8.5 Geriatric Use
In the clinical trials of ABECMA, 141 (40%) of the 349 patients were 65 years of age or 
older and 16/349 (4.6%) patients were 75 years of age or older. In KarMMa study, all five 
cases of Grade 3 neurotoxicity occurred in patients ≥65 years of age (66 to 74 years). 
No clinically important differences in effectiveness of ABECMA were observed between 
these patients and patients younger than 65 years of age.
11 DESCRIPTION
ABECMA is a BCMA-directed genetically modified autologous T cell immunotherapy 
product consisting of a patient’s own T cells that are harvested and genetically modified 
ex vivo through transduction with an anti-BCMA02 chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) 
lentiviral vector (LVV). Autologous T cells transduced with the anti-BCMA02 CAR LVV 
express the anti-BCMA CAR on the T cell surface. The CAR is comprised of a murine 
extracellular single-chain variable fragment (scFv) specific for recognizing B cell 
maturation antigen (BCMA) followed by a human CD8α  hinge and transmembrane 
domain fused to the T cell cytoplasmic signaling domains of CD137 (4-1BB) and CD3ζ 
chain, in tandem. Binding of ABECMA to BCMA-expressing target cells leads to signaling 
initiated by CD3ζ  and 4-1BB domains, and subsequent CAR-positive T cell activation. 
Antigen-specific activation of ABECMA results in CAR-positive T cell proliferation, 
cytokine secretion, and subsequent cytolytic killing of BCMA-expressing cells.
ABECMA is prepared from the patient’s peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs), 
which are obtained via a standard leukapheresis procedure. The mononuclear cells are 
enriched for T cells, through activation with anti-CD3 and anti-CD28 antibodies in the 
presence of IL-2, which are then transduced with the replication-incompetent lentiviral 
vector containing the anti-BCMA CAR transgene. The transduced T cells are expanded 
in cell culture, washed, formulated into a suspension, and cryopreserved. The product 
must pass a sterility test before release for shipping as a frozen suspension in one 
or more patient-specific infusion bag(s). The product is thawed prior to infusion back 
into the patient [see Dosage and Administration (2.3) and How Supplied/Storage and 
Handling (16)].
The ABECMA formulation contains 50% Plasma-Lyte A and 50% CryoStor® CS10, 
resulting in a final DMSO concentration of 5%.
12 CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY
12.1 Mechanism of Action
ABECMA is a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-positive T cell therapy targeting B-cell 
maturation antigen (BCMA), which is expressed on the surface of normal and malignant 
plasma cells. The CAR construct includes an anti-BCMA scFv-targeting domain for antigen specificity, a transmembrane domain, a CD3-zeta T cell activation domain, 
and a 4-1BB costimulatory domain. Antigen-specific activation of ABECMA results in 
CAR-positive T cell proliferation, cytokine secretion, and subsequent cytolytic killing of 
BCMA-expressing cells.
12.2 Pharmacodynamics
Following ABECMA infusion, pharmacodynamic responses of CAR activation and 
anti-tumor efficacy were evaluated. Peak elevation of plasma cytokines, chemokines, 
and soluble immune mediators occurred within 14 days of ABECMA infusion and 
returned to baseline levels within one month.
Rapid decreases in tumor markers associated with clinical response, including serum 
levels of soluble BCMA, and bone marrow CD138 + cells, as well as minimal residual 
disease (MRD) negative responses, were observed within the first month following 
ABECMA infusion.
12.3 Pharmacokinetics
Following ABECMA infusion, the CAR-positive T cells proliferate and undergo rapid 
multi-log expansion followed by a bi-exponential decline. The median time of maximal 
expansion in peripheral blood (T max) occurred 11 days after infusion.
ABECMA can persist in peripheral blood for up to 1 year post-infusion. A summary of 
Tmax, AUC 0-28days , and C max from KarMMa and KarMMa-3 is provided in Table 7.
Table 7: Pharmacokinetic Parameters of ABECMA in Patients with Relapsed/
Refractory Multiple Myeloma
Pharmacokinetic 
ParameterSummary  
StatisticKarMMa Study
Total [300 to 460 x 106]
CAR-Positive T Cells
(Quantified by qPCR) a KarMMa-3 Study
Total [300 to 510 x 106]
CAR-Positive T Cells
(Quantified by ddPCR) b 
Tmax (days) Median  
(Range)11 (7-28)  
N = 9911 (4-31)  
N = 207
Cmax (copies/mcg) Geometric mean 
(geometric CV%)256,333 (165)  
N = 99117,557 (215)  
N = 207
AUC 0-28days  
(days*copies/mcg)Geometric mean 
(geometric CV%)3,088,455 (190)  
N = 981,098,862 (228)  
N = 205
AUC 0-28days  = area under the curve of the transgene level from time of dose to 28 days 
post-infusion; C max = the maximum transgene level; ddPCR  = droplet digital polymerase 
chain reaction; qPCR = quantitative polymerase chain reaction; PK = pharmacokinetics;  
Tmax = time of maximum observed transgene level.
a The PK parameters of KarMMa study were determined by time course of transgene copies 
per microgram of DNA extracted from CD3 + sorted cells as quantified by quantitative 
polymerase chain reaction (qPCR).
b The PK parameters of KarMMa-3 Study were determined by time course of transgene 
copies per microgram of DNA extracted from whole blood as quantified by droplet digital 
PCR (ddPCR).
Note: The PK parameters should not be directly compared between KarMMa and KarMMa-3 
due to different primary PK assays used in these two studies.
ABECMA transgene levels were positively associated with objective tumor response 
(partial response or better). Among patients who received ABECMA in KarMMa, the 
median C max levels in responders (N = 72) were approximately 4.6-fold higher than 
the corresponding levels in non-responders (N = 27). Median AUC 0-28days  in responders 
(N = 72) was approximately 5.6-fold higher than non-responders (N  = 26). Among patients 
who received ABECMA in KarMMa-3, the median C max levels in responders (N = 172) were 
approximately 6.5-fold higher compared to the corresponding levels in non-responders 
(N = 35). Median AUC 0-28days  in responders (N = 172) was approximately 6.1-fold  
higher than non-responders (N = 33).
Tocilizumab or Siltuximab and Corticosteroid Use
Some patients required tocilizumab or siltuximab and/or corticosteroid for the 
management of CRS. ABECMA can continue to expand and persist following tocilizumab 
or siltuximab or corticosteroid administration [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2)].
In KarMMa, patients with CRS treated with tocilizumab had higher ABECMA cellular 
expansion levels, as measured by 1.3-fold and 1.6-fold higher median C max (N = 67) and 
AUC 0-28days  (N = 66), respectively, compared to patients who did not receive tocilizumab 
(N = 59 for C max and N = 58 for AUC 0-28days ).
Patients with CRS treated with corticosteroids had higher ABECMA cellular expansion 
levels, as measured by 1.7-fold and 2.2-fold higher median C max (N = 18) and AUC 0-28days  
(N = 18), respectively, compared to patients who did not receive corticosteroids (N = 108 
for C max and N = 10 6 for AUC 0-28days ).
Similar trend was observed in KarMMa-3.
Specific Populations
Geriatric
Age (range: 30 to 81 years) had no significant impact on expansion parameters [see Use 
in Special Populations (8.5)].ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel) ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel)Pediatric
The pharmacokinetics of ABECMA in patients less than 18 years of age have not been 
evaluated.
Patients with Hepatic/Renal Impairment
Hepatic and renal impairment studies of ABECMA were not conducted.
Patients with Other Intrinsic Factors
Gender, race, and ethnicity had no significant impact on ABECMA expansion parameters. 
Patients with lower body weight had higher expansion. Due to high variability in 
pharmacokinetic cellular expansion, the overall effect of weight on the pharmacokinetics 
of ABECMA is considered to be not clinically relevant.
13 NONCLINICAL TOXICOLOGY
13.1 Carcinogenesis, Mutagenesis, Impairment of Fertility
Genotoxicity assays and carcinogenicity studies in rodents were not performed 
for ABECMA.
In vitro expansion studies with CAR-positive T cells (ABECMA) from five patients and 
two healthy donor drug product lots showed no evidence for transformation and/or 
immortalization of T cells. A genomic insertion site analysis of the lentiviral vector was 
performed on ABECMA samples from twenty (20) individual patient donors. There was 
no evidence for preferential integration near genes of concern or preferential outgrowth 
of cells harboring integration sites of concern.
No studies on the effects of ABECMA on fertility have been conducted.
14 CLINICAL STUDIES
Relapsed/Refractory Multiple Myeloma After Two to Four Prior Lines of Therapy
Efficacy of ABECMA was evaluated in KarMMa-3 (NCT03651128), an open-label, 
multicenter, randomized, controlled study in adult patients with relapsed and refractory 
multiple myeloma who had received two to four prior antimyeloma therapies including 
an immunomodulatory agent, a proteasome inhibitor and daratumumab, and were 
refractory to the most recent prior antimyeloma regimen. The study included patients 
who achieved a response (minimal response or better) to at least 1 prior treatment 
regimen and had ECOG performance status of 0 or 1. The study excluded patients with 
serum creatinine clearance <45 mL/min, serum aspartate aminotransferase (AST) or 
alanine aminotransferase (ALT) >2.5 times upper limit of normal, and left ventricular 
ejection fraction (LVEF) <45%. Patients were also excluded if absolute neutrophil count 
<1000/µL and platelet count <75,000/μL in patients in whom <50% of bone marrow 
nucleated cells are plasma cells and platelet count <50,000/μL in patients in whom 
≥50% of bone marrow nucleated cells are plasma cells.
In total, 386 patients were randomized 2:1 to receive either ABECMA (N  = 254) or 
standard regimens (N = 132). The standard regimens consisted of daratumumab, 
pomalidomide, dexamethasone [DPd], daratumumab, bortezomib, dexamethasone 
[DVd], ixazomib, lenalidomide, dexamethasone [IRd], carfilzomib, dexamethasone [Kd], 
or elotuzumab, pomalidomide, dexamethasone [EPd]), selected by Investigator prior 
to randomization contingent upon the patient’s most recent antimyeloma treatment. 
Randomization was stratified by age, number of prior antimyeloma regimens, and 
presence of high-risk cytogenetics abnormalities.
Patients randomized to ABECMA were to receive lymphodepleting chemotherapy 
consisting of cyclophosphamide (300 mg/m2 IV infusion daily for 3 days) and fludarabine 
(30 mg/m2 IV infusion daily for 3 days) starting 5 days prior to the target infusion date of 
ABECMA. Up to 1 cycle of DPd, DVd, IRd, Kd or EPd bridging therapy, dependent on the 
patient’s most recent antimyeloma treatment regimen, was permitted for disease control 
between apheresis and until 14 days before the start of lymphodepleting chemotherapy.
Of the 254 patients randomized to receive ABECMA, 249 (98%) patients underwent 
leukapheresis:
• Five (2%) patients did not receive leukapheresis due to patient withdrawal (n  = 2), 
adverse event (n  = 1) or failure to meet lymphodepleting chemotherapy treatment 
criteria (n = 2).
• Twenty-four (10%) patients did not receive ABECMA either due to death (n  = 4), 
adverse event (n = 4), physician decision (n = 7), failure to meet lymphodepleting 
chemotherapy treatment criteria (n = 6) or inability to manufacture product (n=3). 
• Three (1.2%) patients received CAR-positive T cells that did not meet product release 
specifications for ABECMA (non-conforming product; n = 3).
The overall manufacturing failure rate for patients who underwent leukapheresis was 
2.4% (6 out of 249 patients). Of these six patients, three received CAR positive T cells 
that did not meet product release specifications for ABECMA, and in three patients there 
was an inability to manufacture ABECMA.
Most patients (85%) treated with ABECMA received bridging therapy for control of 
their multiple myeloma during the manufacturing process. The median time from 
leukapheresis to product availability was 35 days (range: 24 to 102 days).
In overall study population, the median age was 63 years (range: 30 to 83 years), 61% 
were male, 65% were white, 9.3% were black and 3.1% were Asian. Most patients 
(80%) were Revised International Staging System (R-ISS) Stage I or II. High-risk cytogenetics [presence of t(4:14), (14:16), and 17p13 del] were present in 42% of 
patients. Twenty-four percent of patients had presence of extramedullary disease.
The median number of prior lines of therapy was 3 (range: 2 to 4). Thirty percent had 
received 2 prior lines, 37% had received 3 prior lines of therapy and 32% had received 
4 prior lines of therapy. Ninety-five percent were refractory to an anti-CD38 monoclonal 
antibody. Sixty-six percent were triple class refractory (refractory to a PI, an IMiD and an 
anti-CD38 monoclonal antibody), and 5% were penta-drug-refractory (refractory to 2 PIs, 
2 IMiD agents, and an anti-CD38 monoclonal antibody). Eighty-five percent of patients 
had received prior autologous stem cell transplantation.
The primary efficacy measure was progression free survival (PFS) as determined by 
Independent Review Committee (IRC) based on the International Myeloma Working 
Group (IMWG) Uniform Response Criteria2 for Multiple Myeloma. Other efficacy measures 
included overall response rate (ORR) and overall survival (OS). Efficacy results are 
summarized in Table 8, and Kaplan-Meier curve for PFS is provided in Figure 2. 
The estimated median duration of follow-up at the primary PFS analysis was 
15.9 months (95% CI: 14.1, 18.0).
Table 8: Summary of Efficacy Results from KarMMa-3 (Intent-to-Treat 
Population) 
ABECMA Arm  
(N = 254)Standard Regimens Arm  
(N = 132)
Progression Free Survival (PFS)
 Number of events, n (%) 149 (59) 93 (70)
 Median, months [95% CI] a  13.3 [11.8, 16.1] 4.4 [3.4, 5.9]
 Hazard Ratio [95% CI] b  0.49 [0.38, 0.64]
 One-sided p-valuec<0.0001
Overall Response Rate (ORR),  n (%)
 n (%) 181 (71) 55 (42)
 95% CI (%) d  (66, 77) (33, 50)
 One-sided p-valuee<0.0001
 CR or better (sCR +CR) 98 (39) 7 (5)
  sCR 90 (35) 6 (4.5)
  CR 8 (3.1) 1 (0.8)
 VGPR 55 (22) 13 (10)
 PR 28 (11) 35 (27)
CI = confidence interval; CR = complete response; MRD = minimal residual disease; 
PR = partial response; sCR = stringent complete response; VGPR = very good partial response.
a Kaplan-Meier estimate.
b Based on stratified univariate Cox proportional hazards model.
c One-sided p-value is based on stratified log-rank test.
d Two-sided Wald confidence interval.
e One-sided p-value from Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel (CMH) test stratified by stratification 
factors.
Figure 2:  Kaplan-Meier Plot of IRC-Assessed Progression Free Survival 
(Intent-to-Treat Analysis)
ABECMA
Standard
RegimenProgression-free Sur vival Probability (%)
Time from Randomization (Months) 
Number at Risk
Standard
Regimen0
75 32 42 25 10 13 76210 132ABECMA 206 149 1781 10 40 62 22 14 42 0 2540102030405060708090100
3 9 6 12 18 15 21 24 27 30 33
Data cutoff date: April 18, 2022ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel) ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel)In the ABECMA arm, the median duration of response (DOR) was 14.8 months (95% CI: 
12.0, 18.6) in patients with partial response (PR) or better. In those patients with CR or 
better, the median DOR was 20 months (95% CI: 15.8, 24.3).
A higher proportion of patients in the ABECMA arm compared to the standard regimen’s 
arm died within the first nine months of randomization as shown in Figure 3.
Figure 3:  Kaplan-Meier Plot of Overall Survival (Intent-to-Treat Analysis) at 
Second Interim AnalysisOverall Sur vival Probability (%)
Time from Randomization (Months) 
Patients at Risk
Standard
RegimenABECMA0102030405060708090100
3 96 12 1815 21242730333639424548
1281 14 1201 03 8191 755945 18 0 132240 208223 1901 69 1751 61143103 44
2448
3275 0
34
413
1130 2540ABECMA
Standard
Regimen
Data cutoff date: April 28, 2023.
74% of the planned OS events have occurred.74 patients (56%) crossed over from the 
standard regimens arm to the ABECMA arm.
The OS curves cross at Month 15 of the study rendering the overall hazard ratio unreliable 
to estimate the treatment effect on OS.
Relapsed/Refractory Multiple Myeloma After Three or More Prior Lines of Therapy
Efficacy of ABECMA was evaluated in KarMMa (NCT03361748), an open-label, 
single-arm, multicenter study in adult patients with relapsed and refractory multiple 
myeloma who had received at least 3 prior lines of antimyeloma therapy including 
an immunomodulatory agent, a proteasome inhibitor, and an anti-CD38 monoclonal 
antibody. The study included patients with ECOG performance status of 0 or 1. 
The study excluded patients with a creatinine clearance of less than or equal to 
45 mL/minute, alanine aminotransferase >2.5 times upper limit of normal, and left 
ventricular ejection fraction <45%. Patients were also excluded if absolute neutrophil 
count <1000 cells/mm3 and platelet count <50,000/mm3. Patients had measurable 
disease by IMWG 2016 criteria at enrollment. Bridging therapy with alkylating agents, 
corticosteroids, immunomodulatory agents, proteasome inhibitors, and/or anti-CD38 
monoclonal antibodies to which patients were previously exposed was permitted for 
disease control between apheresis and until 14 days before the start of lymphodepleting 
chemotherapy.
Lymphodepleting chemotherapy consisted of cyclophosphamide (300 mg/m2 IV infusion 
daily for 3 days) and fludarabine (30 mg/m2 IV infusion daily for 3 days) starting 5 days 
prior to the target infusion date of ABECMA. Fludarabine was dose reduced for renal 
insufficiency. Patients were hospitalized for 14 days after ABECMA infusion to monitor for 
potential CRS, HLH/MAS, and neurotoxicity.
Of the 135 patients who underwent leukapheresis for 300 x 106 and 450 x 106 
CAR-positive T cell dose cohorts:
• 11 (8%) did not receive the CAR-positive T cells either due to death (n = 2), 
adverse event (n = 1), disease progression (n = 1), consent withdrawal (n = 3), 
physician decision (n=3), or inability to manufacture product [manufacturing 
failure (n = 1)]. Two patients died after receiving lymphodepletion and prior to 
receiving ABECMA. Deaths were from septic shock and general physical health 
deterioration.
• 24 (18%) either received ABECMA outside of the 300 to 460 x 106 CAR-positive 
T cells dose range (n = 23) or received CAR-positive T cells that did not meet 
product release specifications for ABECMA (non-conforming product; n = 1).
• The efficacy evaluable population consists of the 100 patients (74%) who 
received ABECMA in the dose range of 300 to 460 x 106 CAR-positive T cells.
The overall manufacturing failure rate for patients who underwent leukapheresis 
for the 300 x 106 and 450 x 106 CAR-positive T cell dose cohorts was 1.5%  
(2 out of 135 patients). Of these two patients, one received CAR-positive T cells that did 
not meet product release specifications for ABECMA, and in one patient there was an 
inability to manufacture ABECMA.Of the 100 patients in the efficacy evaluable population, the median age was 62 years 
(range: 33 to 78 years), 60% were male, 78% were white, 6% were black, and 2% were 
Asian. Most patients (78%) were International Staging System (ISS) Stage I or II. High-risk  
cytogenetics (presence of t(4:14), t(14:16), and 17p13 del) were present in 37% of 
patients. Thirty-six percent of the patients had presence of extramedullary disease. 
The median number of prior lines of therapy was 6 (range: 3 to 16), and 88% of 
the patients received 4 or more prior lines of therapy. Ninety-five percent of the patients 
were refractory to an anti-CD38 monoclonal antibody. Eighty-five percent were triple 
class refractory (refractory to a proteasome inhibitor [PI], an immunomodulatory 
drug [IMiD], and an anti-CD38 monoclonal antibody), and 26% were penta-refractory 
(refractory to 2 PIs, 2 IMiD agents, and an anti-CD38 monoclonal antibody). Ninety-two 
percent had received prior autologous stem cell transplantation.
Most patients (87%) treated with ABECMA received bridging therapy for control of 
their multiple myeloma during the manufacturing process. The median time from 
leukapheresis to product availability was 33 days (range: 26 to 49 days).
Efficacy was established on the basis of overall response rate (ORR), complete response 
(CR) rate, and duration of response (DOR), as assessed by the Independent Response 
committee (IRC) based on the International Myeloma Working Group (IMWG) Uniform 
Response Criteria for Multiple Myeloma.
Efficacy results for the dose range of 300 to 460 x 106 CAR-positive T cells are shown 
in Table 9 and Table 10, and the DOR results are shown in Table 11. The median time to 
first response was 30 days (range: 15 to 88 days).
Table 9: Summary of Efficacy Based on Independent Response Committee 
Review According to IMWG Criteria (KarMMa Study)
ABECMA-Treated Population  
(300 to 460 x 106 CAR-Positive T Cells)
N=100
Overall Response Rate
(sCR a+VGPR +PR), n (%) 72 (72)
  95% CI b (%) 62, 81
sCR a, n (%) 28 (28)
  95% CI b (%) 19, 38 
VGPR, n (%) 25 (25)
  95% CI b (%) 17, 35
PR, n (%) 19 (19)
  95% CI b (%) 12, 28
CAR = chimeric antigen receptor; CI = confidence interval; CR = complete response; 
MRD = Minimal Residual Disease; IMWG = International Myeloma Working Group; PR = partial 
response; sCR=stringent complete response; VGPR=very good partial response.
a All complete responses were stringent CRs.
b Clopper-Pearson exact CI.
Table 10: MRD Negativity Rate in the KarMMa Study
MRD c-negativity rate a in all treated patients (n=100) 21 (21)
95% CI b (%) 13, 30
MRD c-negativity rate a in patients achieving CR or  
sCR status (%) (n=28)21 (75)
95% CI b  55, 89 
a MRD negativity was defined as the proportion of patients with CR or stringent CR who are 
MRD negative at any timepoint within three months prior to achieving CR or stringent CR 
until the time of progression or death.
b Clopper-Pearson exact CI.
c Based on a threshold of 10-5 using ClonoSEQ, a next-generation sequencing assay (NGS).
Table 11: Duration of Response in the KarMMa Study 
ABECMA-Treated Population  
(300 to 460 x 106 CAR-Positive T Cells)
N=100
Duration of Response a,b (PR or Better)
n 72
Median (months) 11.0
95% CI  10.3, 11.4
Duration of Response b for sCR
n 28
Median (months) 19.0
95% CI  11.4, NE
Median follow-up for duration of response 
(DOR)10.7 months
(Continued)ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel) ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel)Table 11: Duration of Response in the KarMMa Study 
CAR = chimeric antigen receptor; CI = confidence interval; CR = complete response;  
PR = partial response; sCR = stringent complete response; VGPR = very good partial response; 
NE = not estimable .
a Response is defined as achieving sCR, CR, VGPR, or PR according to IMWG criteria.
b Median and 95% CI are based on Kaplan-Meier estimation.
Response durations were longer in patients who achieved a stringent CR as compared to 
patients with a PR or VGPR (Table 11). Of the 28 patients who achieved a stringent CR, it 
is estimated that 65% (95% CI: 42%, 81%) had a remission lasting at least 12 months.
The median duration of response for VGPR patients (n=25) was 11.1 months (95% CI: 
8.7, 11.3).
The median duration of response for PR patients (n=19) was 4.0 months (95% CI: 
2.7, 7.2).
Within the recommended dose of 300 to 460 x 106 CAR-positive T cells, a dose-response 
relationship was observed with higher ORR and sCR rate in patients who received 440 
to 460 x 106 compared to 300 to 340 x 106 CAR-positive T cells. Overall response 
rate of 79% (95% CI: 65%, 90%) and sCR rate of 31% (95% CI: 19%, 46%) was 
observed with 440 to 460 x 106 CAR-positive T cells. Overall response rate of 
65% (95% CI: 51%, 78%) with sCR rate of 25% (95% CI: 14%, 39%) was observed in 
300 to 340 x 106 CAR-positive T cells.
One hundred and thirty-five patients underwent leukapheresis. Fifteen out of the 
23 patients who received treatment outside of the recommended dose range of 300 to 
460 x 106 CAR-positive T cells experienced a response in addition to the responses noted 
in Table 9. The IRC assessed overall response in the leukapheresis population (n=135) 
was 64% (95% CI: 56%, 72%) with stringent CR rate of 24% (95% CI: 17%, 32%), VGPR 
rate of 21% (95% CI: 14%, 29%), and PR rate of 20% (95% CI: 14%, 28%).
15 REFERENCES
1. Lee DW, Gardner R, Porter DL, et al. Current concepts in the diagnosis and 
management of cytokine release syndrome. Blood 2014; 124(2): 188-95. Errata in 
Blood: 2015;126(8):1048. and 2016;128(11):1533.
2. Kumar S, Paiva B, Anderson KC, et al. International Myeloma Working Group 
consensus criteria for response and minimal residual disease assessment in multiple 
myeloma. Lancet Oncol 2016; 17(8): e328-46.
16 HOW SUPPLIED/STORAGE AND HANDLING
ABECMA is supplied in one or more infusion bag(s) (see below) containing a frozen 
suspension of genetically modified autologous T cells in 5% DMSO.
Each infusion bag of ABECMA is individually packed in a metal cassette. ABECMA is 
stored in the vapor phase of liquid nitrogen and supplied in a liquid nitrogen dry vapor 
shipper. An RFI Certificate is affixed inside the shipper.
• 50 mL infusion bag and metal cassette (NDC 59572-515-01)
• 250 mL infusion bag and metal cassette (NDC 59572-515-02)
• 500 mL infusion bag and metal cassette (NDC 59572-515-03)
Match the identity of the patient with the patient identifiers on the cassette(s) and 
infusion bag(s) upon receipt.
Store ABECMA frozen in the vapor phase of liquid nitrogen (less than or equal to 
minus 130°C).
Thaw ABECMA prior to infusion [see Dosage and Administration (2.2)].17 PATIENT COUNSELING INFORMATION
Advise the patient to read the FDA-approved patient labeling (Medication Guide).
Advise patients that the risk of manufacturing failure is 2.1% [8/384 in the clinical 
studies]. In case of a manufacturing failure, a second manufacturing of ABECMA may 
be attempted. In addition, while the patient awaits the product, additional anticancer 
treatment (not the lymphodepletion) may be necessary and may increase the risk 
of adverse events during the pre-infusion period, which could delay or prevent the 
administration of ABECMA.
Inform patients of the risk of early death: In a clinical study, a higher proportion of 
patients experienced death within the first nine months from randomization in the 
ABECMA arm compared to the standard regimens arm. This higher rate of early death 
was mainly observed before receiving ABECMA with the main reason being progression 
of multiple myeloma. There was also an increase in the rate of death from adverse 
events after ABECMA.
Advise patients to seek immediate attention for any of the following:
• Cytokine Release Syndrome (CRS):  Signs or symptoms associated with CRS, including 
fever, hypotension, tachycardia, chills, hypoxia, headache, and fatigue [see Dosage 
and Administration (2.3), Warnings and Precautions (5.2), and Adverse Reactions 
(6.1)].
• Neurologic Toxicities:  Signs or symptoms associated with neurologic events, including 
encephalopathy, confusion, seizures, tremor, aphasia, delirium, and somnolence 
[see Dosage and Administration (2.3), Warnings and Precautions (5.3), and Adverse 
Reactions (6.1)].
• Infections:  Signs or symptoms associated with infection [see Warnings and 
Precautions (5.7) and Adverse Reactions (6.1)].
• Prolonged Cytopenias:  Signs or symptoms associated with bone marrow suppression, 
including neutropenia, anemia, thrombocytopenia, or febrile neutropenia [see 
Warnings and Precautions (5.8) and Adverse Reactions (6.1)].
• Secondary malignancies:  Secondary malignancies, including T cell malignancies, 
have occurred [see Boxed Warning, Warnings and Precautions (5.10), Adverse 
Reactions (6.3)].
Advise patients for the need to:
• Contact Bristol-Myers Squibb at 1-888-805-4555 if they are diagnosed with a 
secondary malignancy [see Warnings and Precautions (5.10)].
• Have periodic monitoring of blood counts before and after ABECMA infusion  
[see Warnings and Precautions (5.8)].
• Refrain from driving or operating heavy or potentially dangerous machines until at 
least eight weeks after ABECMA administration [see Warnings and Precautions (5.11)].
Manufactured by:  Celgene Corporation, a Bristol-Myers Squibb Company  
556 Morris Avenue  
Summit, NJ 07901
U.S. License No. 2252
Marketed by:  
Celgene Corporation, a Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (Summit, NJ 07901), and 
2seventy bio, Inc. (Cambridge, MA 02142).
ABECMA® is a trademark of Celgene Corporation, a Bristol-Myers Squibb Company.
Pat. https://www.bms.com/patient-and-caregivers/our-medicines.html
ABEPI.004/MG.002(Continued)ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel)MEDICATION GUIDE
ABECMA® (uh-BEK-muh)  
(idecabtagene vicleucel)
Read this Medication Guide before you start your ABECMA treatment. The more you know about your treatment, the 
more active you can be in your care. Talk with your healthcare provider if you have questions about your health condition 
or treatment. Reading this Medication Guide does not take the place of talking with your healthcare provider about your 
treatment.
What is the most important information I should know about ABECMA?
ABECMA may cause side effects that are life-threatening and can lead to death. Call your healthcare provider or get 
emergency help right away if you get any of the following:
 ●difficulty breathing
 ●fever (100.4°F/38°C or higher)
 ●chills/shivering
 ●confusion
 ●dizziness or lightheadedness
 ●shaking or twitching (tremor)
 ●fast or irregular heartbeat
 ●severe fatigue
 ●severe nausea, vomiting, diarrhea
It is important that you tell your healthcare providers that you have received ABECMA and to show them your ABECMA 
Patient Wallet Card. Your healthcare provider may give you other medicines to treat your side effects.
What is ABECMA?
ABECMA is for the treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have received at least two kinds of treatment regimens 
that have not worked or have stopped working. ABECMA is a medicine made from your own white blood cells; the cells are 
genetically modified to recognize and attack your multiple myeloma cells.
How will I receive ABECMA?
ABECMA is made from your own white blood cells, so your blood will be collected by a process called “leukapheresis” 
(LOO-kuh-feh-REE-sis).
Your blood cells will be sent to a manufacturing center to make your ABECMA. Based on clinical trial experience, it takes 
about four weeks from the time your cells are received at the manufacturing site and are available to be shipped back to your 
healthcare provider, but the time may vary.
Before you get ABECMA, your healthcare provider will give you chemotherapy for three days to prepare your body.
When your ABECMA is ready, your healthcare provider will give ABECMA to you through a catheter (tube) placed into your 
vein (intravenous infusion). Your dose of ABECMA may be given in one or more infusion bags. The infusion usually takes up 
to 30 minutes for each infusion bag.
You will be monitored at the certified healthcare facility where you received your treatment daily for at least seven days after 
the infusion.
You should plan to stay within two hours of this location for at least four weeks after getting ABECMA. Your healthcare 
provider will check to see that your treatment is working and help you with any side effects that may occur.
What should I avoid after receiving ABECMA?
 ●Do not drive, operate heavy machinery, or do other activities that could be dangerous if you are not mentally alert, for at 
least eight weeks after you get ABECMA. This is because the treatment can cause temporary memory and coordination 
problems, sleepiness, confusion, dizziness, and seizures.
 ●Do not donate blood, organs, tissues, or cells for transplantation.ABECMA® (idecabtagene vicleucel)What are the possible or reasonably likely side effects of ABECMA?
The most common side effects of ABECMA are:
 ●fatigue
 ●fever (100.4°F/38°C or higher)
 ●chills/shivering
 ●severe nausea or diarrhea
 ●decreased appetite
 ●headache
 ●dizziness/lightheadedness
 ●confusion
 ●difficulty speaking or slurred speech
 ●cough
 ●difficulty breathing
 ●fast or irregular heartbeat
In a study comparing ABECMA to standard regimen, a higher proportion of patients experienced death within the first nine 
months from randomization in the ABECMA arm compared to the standard regimens arm. This higher rate of early death 
was mainly observed before receiving ABECMA with the main reason being progression of multiple myeloma. There was 
also an increase in the rate of death from adverse events after ABECMA.
ABECMA can cause a very common side effect called cytokine release syndrome or CRS, which can be severe or fatal. 
Symptoms of CRS include fever, difficulty breathing, dizziness or light-headedness, nausea, headache, fast heartbeat, low 
blood pressure, or fatigue. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you develop fever or any of these other symptoms after 
receiving ABECMA.
ABECMA can increase the risk of life-threatening infections that may lead to death. Tell your healthcare provider right away 
if you develop fever, chills, or any signs or symptoms of an infection.
ABECMA can lower one or more types of your blood cells (red blood cells, white blood cells, or platelets), which may make 
you feel weak or tired or increase your risk of severe infection or bleeding. After treatment, your healthcare provider will test 
your blood to check for this. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you get a fever, are feeling tired, or have bruising or 
bleeding.
ABECMA may increase your risk of getting cancers including certain types of blood cancers. Your healthcare provider should 
monitor you for this.
Having ABECMA in your blood may cause a false-positive human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) test result by some 
commercial tests.
These are not all the possible side effects of ABECMA. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You may 
report side effects to FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088.
General information about the safe and effective use of ABECMA
Medicines are sometimes prescribed for purposes other than those listed in a Medication Guide. If you would like more 
information about ABECMA, talk with your healthcare provider. You can ask your healthcare provider for information about 
ABECMA that is written for health professionals.
For more information, go to ABECMA.com or call 1-888-805-4555.
Manufactured by: Celgene Corporation, a Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, 556 Morris Avenue, Summit, NJ 07901.
Marketed by: Celgene Corporation, a Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (Summit, NJ 07901), and 2seventy bio, Inc. (Cambridge, MA 02142).
ABECMA® is a trademark of Celgene Corporation, a Bristol-Myers Squibb Company.
ABEMG002  4/2024
This Medication Guide has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
 Revised: April 2024
 2012-US-2400020  07/24