HIGHLIGHTS OF PRESCRIBING INFORMATION
These highlights do not include all the information needed to use BREYANZI safely 
and effectively. See full prescribing information for BREYANZI.
BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel) suspension for intravenous infusion
Initial U.S. Approval: 2021
WARNING: CYTOKINE RELEASE SYNDROME, NEUROLOGIC TOXICITIES, AND 
SECONDARY HEMATOLOGICAL MALIGNANCIES
See full prescribing information for complete boxed warning.
• Cytokine Release Syndrome (CRS), including fatal or life-threatening 
reactions, occurred in patients receiving BREYANZI. Do not administer 
BREYANZI to patients with active infection or inflammatory disorders. 
Treat severe or life-threatening CRS with tocilizumab with or without 
corticosteroids (2.2, 2.3, 5.1).
• Neurologic toxicities, including fatal or life-threatening reactions, 
occurred in patients receiving BREYANZI, including concurrently with 
CRS, after CRS resolution, or in the absence of CRS. Monitor for 
neurologic events after treatment with BREYANZI. Provide supportive 
care and/or corticosteroids as needed (2.2, 2.3, 5.2).
• T cell malignancies have occurred following treatment of hematologic 
malignancies with BCMA- and CD19-directed genetically modified 
autologous T cell immunotherapies, including BREYANZI (5.8).
• BREYANZI is available only through a restricted program under a Risk 
Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) called the BREYANZI REMS 
(5.3).
------------------------------ RECENT MAJOR CHANGES ------------------------------
Boxed Warnings 3/2024
Indications and Usage (1.2), CLL/SLL 3/2024
Indications and Usage (1.3, 1.4), FL, MCL 5/2024
Dosage and Administration (2.1) 5/2024
Warnings and Precautions (5.8, 5.10) 3/2024
Warnings and Precautions (5.1, 5.2, 5.5, 5.6, 5.7) 5/2024
------------------------------- INDICATIONS AND USAGE ------------------------------
BREYANZI is a CD19-directed genetically modified autologous T cell immunotherapy 
indicated for the treatment of:
• adult patients with large B-cell lymphoma (LBCL), including diffuse large B-cell 
lymphoma (DLBCL) not otherwise specified (including DLBCL arising from indolent 
lymphoma), high-grade B-cell lymphoma, primary mediastinal large B-cell lymphoma, 
and follicular lymphoma grade 3B, who have:
• refractory disease to first-line chemoimmunotherapy or relapse within 12 months 
of first-line chemoimmunotherapy (1.1); or
• refractory disease to first-line chemoimmunotherapy or relapse after first-line  
chemoimmunotherapy and are not eligible for hematopoietic stem cell 
transplantation (HSCT) due to comorbidities or age (1.1); or
• relapsed or refractory disease after 2 or more lines of systemic therapy (1.1).
Limitations of Use:  BREYANZI is not indicated for the treatment of patients with 
primary central nervous system lymphoma (1, 14).
• adult patients with relapsed or refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) or small 
lymphocytic lymphoma (SLL) who have received at least 2 prior lines of therapy, 
including a Bruton tyrosine kinase (BTK) inhibitor and a B-cell lymphoma 2 (BCL-2) 
inhibitor. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on response 
rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent 
upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trial(s) (1.2).
• adult patients with relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma (FL) who have received 
2 or more prior lines of systemic therapy (1.3). This indication is approved under 
accelerated approval based on response rate and duration of response. Continued 
approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of 
clinical benefit in confirmatory trial(s) (1.3).
• adult patients with relapsed or refractory mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) who have 
received at least 2 prior lines of systemic therapy, including a Bruton tyrosine kinase 
(BTK) inhibitor (1.4).--------------------------- DOSAGE AND ADMINISTRATION ---------------------------
For autologous use only. For intravenous use only.
• Do NOT use a leukodepleting filter (2.2).
• Administer a lymphodepleting regimen of fludarabine and cyclophosphamide before 
infusion of BREYANZI (lisocabtagene maraleucel) (2.2).
• Verify the patient’s identity prior to infusion (2.2).
• Premedicate with acetaminophen and an H 1 antihistamine (2.2).
• Confirm availability of tocilizumab prior to infusion (2.2, 5.1).
• Dosing of BREYANZI is based on the number of chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-
positive viable T cells (2.1).
For LBCL :
• after one line of therapy, the dose is 90 to 110 × 106 CAR-positive viable T cells (2.1).
• after two or more lines of therapy, the dose is 50 to 110 × 106 CAR-positive viable  
T cells (2.1).
For CLL/SLL, FL and MCL :
• the dose is 90 to 110 × 106 CAR-positive viable T cells (2.1).
• Administer BREYANZI in a REMS-certified healthcare facility (2.2, 5.1, 5.2, 5.3).
-------------------------- DOSAGE FORMS AND STRENGTHS --------------------------
• BREYANZI is a cell suspension for infusion (3).
• A single dose of BREYANZI consists of 1:1 CAR-positive viable T cells of the CD8 and 
CD4 components, with each component supplied separately in one to four single-dose 
5 mL vials (3). Each mL contains ≥1 .5 × 106 to 70 × 106 CAR-positive viable T cells (3).
--------------------------------- CONTRAINDICATIONS ---------------------------------
None (4).
---------------------------- WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS ---------------------------
• Hypersensitivity Reactions: Monitor for hypersensitivity reactions during infusion (5.4).
• Serious Infections: Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infection; treat 
appropriately (5.5).
• Prolonged Cytopenias: Patients may exhibit Grade 3 or higher cytopenias for several 
weeks following BREYANZI infusion. Monitor complete blood counts (5.6).
• Hypogammaglobulinemia: Monitor and consider immunoglobulin replacement therapy 
(5.7).
• Secondary Malignancies: T cell malignancies have occurred following treatment 
of hematologic malignancies with BCMA- and CD19-directed genetically modified 
autologous T cell immunotherapies, including BREYANZI. In the event that a secondary 
malignancy occurs after treatment with BREYANZI, contact Bristol-Myers Squibb at 
1-888-805-4555 (5.8).
• Effects on Ability to Drive and Use Machines: Advise patients to refrain from driving and 
engaging in hazardous occupations or activities, such as operating heavy or potentially 
dangerous machinery for at least 8 weeks after BREYANZI administration (5.9).
--------------------------------- ADVERSE REACTIONS --------------------------------
The most common adverse reactions (incidence ≥30%) in:
• LBCL are fever, cytokine release syndrome, fatigue, musculoskeletal pain, and 
nausea. The most common Grade 3-4 laboratory abnormalities include lymphocyte 
count decrease, neutrophil count decrease, platelet count decrease, and hemoglobin 
decrease (6.1).
• CLL/SLL are cytokine release syndrome, encephalopathy, fatigue, musculoskeletal 
pain, nausea, edema and diarrhea. The most common Grade 3-4 laboratory 
abnormalities include neutrophil count decrease, white blood cell decrease, 
hemoglobin decrease, platelet count decrease, and lymphocyte count decrease (6.1).
• FL are cytokine release syndrome. The most common Grade 3-4 laboratory 
abnormalities include lymphocyte count decreased, neutrophil count decreased, and 
white blood cell decreased (6.1).
• MCL are cytokine release syndrome, fatigue, musculoskeletal pain, and 
encephalopathy. The most common Grade 3-4 laboratory abnormalities include 
neutrophil count decrease, white blood cell decrease, and platelet count decrease 
(6.1).
To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS, contact Bristol-Myers Squibb at 
1-800-721-5072 or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch.
See 17 for PATIENT COUNSELING INFORMATION and Medication Guide
Revised: 5/2024
FULL PRESCRIBING INFORMATION: CONTENTS*
WARNING: CYTOKINE RELEASE SYNDROME, NEUROLOGIC TOXICITIES, AND SECONDARY  
HEMATOLOGICAL MALIGNANCIES
1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE
1.1 Large B-cell Lymphoma (LBCL)
1.2 Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL) or Small Lymphocytic  
Lymphoma (SLL)
1.3 Follicular Lymphoma (FL)1.4 Mantle Cell Lymphoma (MCL)
2 DOSAGE AND ADMINISTRATION
2.1 Dose
2.2 Administration
2.3 Management of Severe Adverse Reactions
3 DOSAGE FORMS AND STRENGTHS
(Continued)FULL PRESCRIBING INFORMATION
WARNING: CYTOKINE RELEASE SYNDROME, NEUROLOGIC TOXICITIES, AND 
SECONDARY HEMATOLOGICAL MALIGNANCIES
• Cytokine Release Syndrome (CRS), including fatal or life-threatening 
reactions, occurred in patients receiving BREYANZI. Do not administer 
BREYANZI (lisocabtagene maraleucel) to patients with active infection 
or inflammatory disorders. Treat severe or life-threatening CRS with 
tocilizumab with or without corticosteroids [see Dosage and Administration 
(2.2, 2.3) and Warnings and Precautions (5.1)]. 
• Neurologic toxicities, including fatal or life-threatening reactions, occurred 
in patients receiving BREYANZI, including concurrently with CRS, after CRS 
resolution, or in the absence of CRS. Monitor for neurologic events after 
treatment with BREYANZI. Provide supportive care and/or corticosteroids 
as needed [see Dosage and Administration (2.2, 2.3) and Warnings and 
Precautions (5.2)].
• T cell malignancies have occurred following treatment of hematologic 
malignancies with BCMA- and CD19-directed genetically modified 
autologous T cell immunotherapies, including BREYANZI [see Warnings 
and Precautions (5.8)].
• BREYANZI is available only through a restricted program under a Risk 
Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) called the BREYANZI REMS  
[see Warnings and Precautions (5.3)].
1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE
1.1 Large B-cell Lymphoma (LBCL)
BREYANZI is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with large B-cell lymphoma 
(LBCL), including diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) not otherwise specified 
(including DLBCL arising from indolent lymphoma), high-grade B-cell lymphoma, primary 
mediastinal large B-cell lymphoma, and follicular lymphoma grade 3B who have:
• refractory disease to first-line chemoimmunotherapy or relapse within 12 months of 
first-line chemoimmunotherapy; or
• refractory disease to first-line chemoimmunotherapy or relapse after first-line  
chemoimmunotherapy and are not eligible for hematopoietic stem cell transplantation 
(HSCT) due to comorbidities or age; or
• relapsed or refractory disease after 2 or more lines of systemic therapy.
Limitations of Use:  BREYANZI is not indicated for the treatment of patients with primary 
central nervous system (CNS) lymphoma [see Clinical Studies (14.1)].
1.2 Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL) or Small Lymphocytic Lymphoma 
(SLL)
BREYANZI is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory 
chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) or small lymphocytic lymphoma (SLL) who have 
received at least 2 prior lines of therapy including, a Bruton tyrosine kinase (BTK) inhibitor 
and a B-cell lymphoma 2 (BCL-2) inhibitor.
This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on response rate 
and duration of response [see Clinical Studies (14.2)] . Continued approval for this 
indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in 
confirmatory trial(s).1.3 Follicular Lymphoma (FL)
BREYANZI (lisocabtagene maraleucel) is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with 
relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma (FL) who have received 2 or more prior lines 
of systemic therapy.
This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on response rate and  
duration of response [see Clinical Studies (14.3)]. Continued approval for this indication  
may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory  
trial(s).
1.4 Mantle Cell Lymphoma (MCL)
BREYANZI is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory 
mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) who have received at least 2 prior lines of systemic therapy, 
including a Bruton tyrosine kinase (BTK) inhibitor.
2 DOSAGE AND ADMINISTRATION
For autologous use only. For intravenous use only.
2.1 Dose
See the respective Certificate of Release for Infusion (RFI Certificate) for each component, 
for the actual cell counts and volumes to be infused [see Dosage and Administration (2.2) 
and Dosage Forms and Strengths (3)].
A single dose of BREYANZI contains CAR-positive viable T cells (consisting of 1:1 CAR-positive  
viable T cells of the CD8 and CD4 components), with each component supplied separately 
in one to four single-dose vials. See Table 1 for dose range per indication.
Table 1: Dose Range
Indication BREYANZI dose range
LBCL after two or more lines of therapy (1.1) 50 to 110 × 10 6 CAR-positive viable T cells
LBCL after one line of therapy (1.1)
90 to 110 × 10 6 CAR-positive viable T cellsCLL or SLL (1.2)
FL (1.3)
MCL (1.4)
2.2 Administration
BREYANZI is for autologous use only. The patient’s identity must match the patient 
identifiers on the BREYANZI cartons, vials, and syringe labels. Do not infuse BREYANZI if 
the information on the patient-specific labels does not match the intended patient.
Preparing the Patient for BREYANZI
Confirm the availability of BREYANZI before starting lymphodepleting chemotherapy.
Pretreatment
Administer the lymphodepleting chemotherapy regimen before infusion of BREYANZI: 
fludarabine 30 mg/m2/day intravenously (IV), and cyclophosphamide 300 mg/m2/day IV 
for 3 days. See the prescribing information for fludarabine and cyclophosphamide for 
information on dose adjustment in renal impairment.
Infuse BREYANZI 2 to 7 days after completion of lymphodepleting chemotherapy.FULL PRESCRIBING INFORMATION: CONTENTS*
4 CONTRAINDICATIONS
5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS
5.1 Cytokine Release Syndrome
5.2 Neurologic Toxicities
5.3 BREYANZI REMS
5.4 Hypersensitivity Reactions
5.5 Serious Infections
5.6 Prolonged Cytopenias
5.7 Hypogammaglobulinemia
5.8 Secondary Malignancies
5.9 Effects on Ability to Drive and Use Machines
5.10 Immune Effector Cell-Associated Hemophagocytic 
Lymphohistiocytosis-Like Syndrome (IEC-HS)
6 ADVERSE REACTIONS
6.1 Clinical Trials Experience
6.2 Postmarketing Experience
7 DRUG INTERACTIONS
7.1 Drug-Laboratory Test Interactions
8 USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONS
8.1 Pregnancy
8.2 Lactation(Continued)
8.3 Females and Males of Reproductive Potential
8.4 Pediatric Use
8.5 Geriatric Use
11 DESCRIPTION
12 CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY
12.1 Mechanism of Action
12.2 Pharmacodynamics
12.3 Pharmacokinetics
12.6 Immunogenicity
13 NONCLINICAL TOXICOLOGY
13.1 Carcinogenesis, Mutagenesis, Impairment of Fertility
14 CLINICAL STUDIES
14.1 Relapsed or Refractory Large B-Cell Lymphoma
14.2 Relapsed or Refractory Chronic Lymphocytic Lymphoma or  
Small Lymphocytic Lymphoma
14.3 Relapsed or Refractory Follicular Lymphoma
14.4 Mantle Cell Lymphoma
15 REFERENCES
16 HOW SUPPLIED/STORAGE AND HANDLING
17 PATIENT COUNSELING INFORMATION
*Sections or subsections omitted from the full prescribing information are not listed.BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel) BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel)Delay the infusion of BREYANZI if the patient has unresolved serious adverse events from 
preceding chemotherapies, active uncontrolled infection, or active graft-versus-host 
disease (GVHD).
Premedication
To minimize the risk of infusion reactions, premedicate the patient with acetaminophen 
(650 mg orally) and diphenhydramine (25-50 mg, IV or orally), or another H1-antihistamine, 
30 to 60 minutes prior to treatment with BREYANZI.
Avoid prophylactic use of systemic corticosteroids, as they may interfere with the activity 
of BREYANZI.
Receipt of BREYANZI
• BREYANZI is shipped directly to the cell-associated lab or clinical pharmacy 
associated with the infusion center in the vapor phase of a liquid nitrogen shipper.
• Confirm the patient’s identity with the patient identifiers on the shipper.
• If the patient is not expected to be ready for administration before the shipper 
expires and the infusion site is qualified for onsite storage, transfer BREYANZI to 
onsite vapor phase of liquid nitrogen storage prior to preparation.
• If the patient is not expected to be ready for administration before the shipper 
expires and the infusion site is not qualified for onsite storage, contact 
Bristol-Myers Squibb at 1-888-805-4555 to arrange for return shipment.
Preparing BREYANZI
Before  thawing the vials
• Confirm the patient’s identity with the patient identifiers on the RFI Certificate.
• Read the RFI Certificate (affixed inside the shipper) for information on the number of 
syringes you will need to administer the CD8 and CD4 components (syringe labels 
are provided with the RFI Certificate). There is a separate RFI Certificate for each 
cell component.
• Confirm tocilizumab and emergency equipment are available prior to infusion and 
during the recovery period.
• Confirm the infusion time in advance and adjust the start time of BREYANZI thaw 
such that it will be available for infusion when the patient is ready.
Thawing the vials
1. Confirm the patient’s identity with the patient identifiers on the outer carton and on 
the syringe labels.
Once the vials of CAR-positive viable T cells (CD8 component and CD4 component) 
are removed from frozen storage, the thaw must be carried to completion and the 
cells administered within 2 hours.
2. Remove the CD8 component carton and CD4 component carton from the outer carton.
3. Confirm the patient’s identity with the patient identifiers on the inner carton.
4. Open each inner carton and visually inspect the vial(s) for damage. If the vials are 
damaged, contact Bristol-Myers Squibb at 1-888-805-4555.
5. Confirm the patient’s identity with the patient identifiers on the vials.
6. Carefully remove the vials from the cartons, place vials on a protective barrier pad, 
and thaw at room temperature until there is no visible ice in the vials. Thaw all of the 
vials at the same time.  Keep the CD8 and CD4 components separate.  
Dose preparation
• Prepare BREYANZI using sterile technique.
• Based on the concentration of CAR-positive viable T cells for each component, more 
than one vial of each of the CD8 and CD4 components may be required to complete 
a dose. A separate syringe should be prepared for each CD8 or CD4 component vial 
received.
Note:  The volume to be drawn up and infused may differ for each component as 
indicated on the RFI Certificate. Do NOT draw up excess volume into the syringe.
• Each vial contains 5 mL with a total extractable volume of 4.6 mL of CD8 or CD4 
component T cells. The RFI Certificate for each component indicates the volume (mL) 
of cells to be drawn up into each syringe. Use the smallest Luer-lock tip syringe 
necessary (1, 3, or 5 mL) to draw up the specified volume from each vial. A 5 mL 
syringe should not be used for volumes less than 3 mL.
7. Prepare the syringe(s) of the CD8 component first.  Affix the CD8 syringe labels to 
the syringe(s) prior to pulling the required volume into the syringe(s).
Note:  It is important to confirm that the volume drawn up for each component 
matches the volume specified in the respective RFI Certificate. Do NOT draw up 
excess volume into the syringe.Withdrawal of the required volume of cells from each vial into a separate syringe should 
be carried out using the following instructions:
8. Hold the thawed vial(s) upright and gently invert the vial(s) 5 times to mix the cell 
product. If any clumping is apparent, continue to invert the vial(s) until clumps have 
dispersed and cells appear to be evenly resuspended.
Vialuprigh tV ialinver ted
Figure 1 9. Visually inspect the thawed vial(s) for damage or leaks. Do not use if the vial is 
damaged or if the clumps do not disperse; contact Bristol-Myers Squibb at 
1-888-805-4555. The liquid in the vials should be slightly opaque to opaque, 
colorless to yellow or brownish-yellow.
10. Remove the polyaluminum cover (if present) from the bottom of the vial and swab 
the septum with an alcohol wipe. Allow to air dry before proceeding.
NOTE:  The absence of the polyaluminum cover does not impact the sterility of 
the vial.
Figure 2 11. Keeping the vial(s) upright, cut the seal on the tubing line on the top of the vial 
immediately above the filter to open the air vent on the vial.
NOTE:  Be careful to select the correct tubing line with the filter. Cut ONLY the tubing   
with  a filter.
CUT HERE
Filter
Figure 4
12. Hold a 20-gauge, 1-1 ½ inch needle, with the opening of the needle tip away from 
the retrieval port septum.
a. Insert the needle into the septum at a 45°- 60° angle to puncture the retrieval 
port septum.
b. Increase the angle of the needle gradually as the needle enters the vial.
a. b.
Figure 6Figure 3
Figure 5BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel) BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel)13. WITHOUT drawing air into the syringe, slowly withdraw the target volume (as 
specified in the RFI Certificate). Carefully inspect the syringe for signs of debris prior 
to proceeding. If there is debris, contact Bristol-Myers Squibb at 1-888-805-4555.
Figure 714. Verify that the volume of CD8/CD4 component matches the volume specified for the 
relevant component in the RFI Certificate.
Once the volume is verified, remove the syringe/needle from the vial, carefully detach 
the needle from the syringe and cap the syringe.
Figure 8
15. Continue to keep the vial horizontal and return it to the carton to avoid leaking from 
the vial.
16. Dispose of any unused portion of BREYANZI (according to local biosafety guidelines).
17. Repeat the process steps 7-16 for the CD4 Component.
18. Transport the labeled CD8 and CD4 syringes to the bedside by placing with protective 
barrier pad inside an insulated room temperature container.
BREYANZI Administration
• Do NOT use a leukodepleting filter.
• Ensure tocilizumab and emergency equipment are available prior to infusion and 
during the recovery period.
• Confirm the patient’s identity matches the patient identifiers on the syringe label.
• Once BREYANZI has been drawn into syringes, proceed with administration as soon 
as possible. The total time from removal from frozen storage to patient administration 
should not exceed 2 hours as indicated by the time entered on the syringe label.
1. Use intravenous normal saline to flush all the infusion tubing prior to and after each 
CD8 or CD4 component administration.
2. Administer the entire volume of the CD8 component intravenously at an infusion rate 
of approximately 0.5 mL/minute, using the closest port or Y-arm.
NOTE:  The time for infusion will vary but will usually be less than 15 minutes for 
each component.
3. If more than one syringe is required for a full cell dose of the CD8 component, 
administer the volume in each syringe consecutively without any time between 
administering the contents of the syringes (unless there is a clinical reason (e.g., 
infusion reaction) to hold the dose).
4. After the CD8 component has been administered, flush the tubing with normal saline, 
using enough volume to clear the tubing and the length of the IV catheter.
5. Administer the CD4 component second, immediately after administration of the 
CD8 component is complete, using steps 1-4, as described for the CD8 component. 
Following administration of the CD4 component, flush the tubing with normal saline, 
using enough volume to clear the tubing and the length of the IV catheter.
BREYANZI contains human blood cells that are genetically modified with replication-  
incompetent, self-inactivating lentiviral vector. Follow universal precautions and 
local biosafety guidelines applicable for the handling and disposal, to avoid potential 
transmission of infectious diseases.
Monitoring
• Administer BREYANZI at a REMS-certified healthcare facility.
• Monitor patients daily for at least 7 days following BREYANZI infusion at a REMS-certified  
healthcare facility for signs and symptoms of CRS and neurologic toxicities.
• Instruct patients to remain within proximity of the certified healthcare facility for at 
least 4 weeks following infusion.
• Instruct patients to refrain from driving or hazardous activities for at least 8 weeks 
following infusion.Figure 10 Figure 92.3 Management of Severe Adverse Reactions
Cytokine Release Syndrome
Identify cytokine release syndrome (CRS) based on clinical presentation [see Warnings and 
Precautions (5.1)]. Evaluate for and treat other causes of fever, hypoxia, and hypotension. 
If CRS is suspected, manage according to the recommendations in Table 2. Patients 
who experience Grade 2 or higher CRS (e.g., hypotension not responsive to fluids, or 
hypoxia requiring supplemental oxygenation) should be monitored with continuous 
cardiac telemetry and pulse oximetry. For patients experiencing severe CRS, consider 
performing an echocardiogram to assess cardiac function. For severe or life-threatening 
CRS, consider intensive-care supportive therapy.
If concurrent neurologic toxicity is suspected during CRS, administer:
• Corticosteroids according to the more aggressive intervention based on the CRS 
and neurologic toxicity grades in Tables 2 and 3
• Tocilizumab according to the CRS grade in Table 2
• Antiseizure medication according to the neurologic toxicity in Table 3
Table 2: CRS Grading and Management Guidance
CRS GradeaTocilizumab Corticosteroids  b 
Grade 1
FeverIf less than 72 hours after 
infusion, consider tocilizumab 
8 mg/kg IV over 1 hour (not 
to exceed 800 mg).
If 72 hours or more 
after infusion, treat 
symptomatically.If less than 72 hours after  
infusion, consider 
dexamethasone 10 mg IV 
every 24 hours.
If 72 hours or more 
after infusion, treat 
symptomatically.
Grade 2
Symptoms require and 
respond to moderate 
intervention.
Oxygen requirement 
less than 40% FiO 2, or 
hypotension responsive 
to fluids or low dose 
of one vasopressor, or 
Grade 2 organ toxicity.Administer tocilizumab 
8 mg/kg IV over 1 hour (not 
to exceed 800 mg).
Repeat tocilizumab every 
8 hours as needed if not 
responsive to intravenous 
fluids or increasing 
supplemental oxygen.
Limit to a maximum of 
3 doses in a 24-hour period; 
maximum total of 4 doses.If less than 72 hours after  
infusion, administer 
dexamethasone 10 mg IV 
every 12-24 hours.
If 72 hours or more 
after infusion, consider 
dexamethasone 10 mg IV 
every 12-24 hours.
If no improvement within 24 hours or rapid progression, 
repeat tocilizumab and escalate dose and frequency of 
dexamethasone (10-20 mg IV every 6 to 12 hours).
If no improvement or continued rapid progression, maximize 
dexamethasone, switch to high-dose methylprednisolone 
2 mg/kg if needed. After 2 doses of tocilizumab, consider 
alternative immunosuppressants. Do not exceed 3 doses 
tocilizumab in 24 hours, or 4 doses in total.
Grade 3
Symptoms require and 
respond to aggressive 
intervention.
Oxygen requirement 
greater than or equal 
to 40% FiO 2, or 
hypotension requiring 
high-dose or multiple 
vasopressors, or Grade 3 
organ toxicity, or Grade 4 
transaminitis.Per Grade 2. Administer dexamethasone 
10 mg IV every 12 hours.
If no improvement within 24 hours or rapid progression of 
CRS, repeat tocilizumab and escalate dose and frequency of 
dexamethasone (10-20 mg IV every 6 to 12 hours).
If no improvement or continued rapid progression, maximize 
dexamethasone, switch to high-dose methylprednisolone 
2 mg/kg if needed. After 2 doses of tocilizumab, consider 
alternative immunosuppressants. Do not exceed 3 doses 
tocilizumab in 24 hours, or 4 doses in total.
Grade 4
Life-threatening 
symptoms
Requirements for 
ventilator support or 
continuous veno-venous 
hemodialysis (CVVHD) or 
Grade 4 organ toxicity 
(excluding transaminitis).Per Grade 2. Administer dexamethasone 
20 mg IV every 6 hours.
If no improvement within 24 hours or rapid progression 
of CRS, escalate tocilizumab and corticosteroid use. If no 
improvement or continued rapid progression, maximize 
dexamethasone, switch to high-dose methylprednisolone 
2 mg/kg if needed. After 2 doses of tocilizumab, consider 
alternative immunosuppressants. Do not exceed 3 doses 
tocilizumab in 24 hours, or 4 doses in total.
a Lee criteria for grading CRS (Lee et al, 2014). 
b If corticosteroids are initiated, continue corticosteroids for at least 3 doses or until complete 
resolution of symptoms, and consider corticosteroid taper.BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel) BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel)
Neurologic Toxicity
Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of neurologic toxicities (Table 3). Rule out other 
causes of neurologic symptoms. Provide intensive care supportive therapy for severe or 
life-threatening neurologic toxicities. If neurologic toxicity is suspected, manage according 
to the recommendations in Table 3.
If concurrent CRS is suspected during neurologic toxicity, administer:
• Corticosteroids according to the more aggressive intervention based on the CRS 
and neurologic toxicity grades in Tables 2 and 3 
• Tocilizumab according to the CRS grade in Table 2
• Antiseizure medication according to the neurologic toxicity in Table 3
Table 3: Neurologic Toxicity (NT) Grading and Management Guidance
NT GradeaCorticosteroids and Antiseizure Medication
Grade 1 Start non-sedating, antiseizure medicines (e.g., levetiracetam) for 
seizure prophylaxis.
If 72 hours or more after infusion, observe.
If less than 72 hours after infusion, consider dexamethasone 10 mg 
IV every 12 to 24 hours for 2 to 3 days.
Grade 2 Start non-sedating, antiseizure medicines (e.g., levetiracetam) for 
seizure prophylaxis.
Dexamethasone 10 mg IV every 12 hours for 2-3 days, or longer for 
persistent symptoms. Consider taper for a total steroid exposure of 
greater than 3 days.
If no improvement after 24 hours or worsening of neurologic toxicity, 
increase the dose and/or frequency of dexamethasone up to a 
maximum of 20 mg IV every 6 hours.
If no improvement after another 24 hours, rapidly progressing 
symptoms, or life-threatening complications arise, give 
methylprednisolone (2 mg/kg loading dose, followed by 2 mg/kg 
divided 4 times a day; taper within 7 days).
Grade 3 Start non-sedating, antiseizure medicines (e.g., levetiracetam) for 
seizure prophylaxis.
Dexamethasone 10 to 20 mg IV every 8 to 12 hours. Steroids are not 
recommended for isolated Grade 3 headaches.
If no improvement after 24 hours or worsening of neurologic toxicity, 
escalate to methylprednisolone (dose and frequency as per Grade 2).
If cerebral edema is suspected, consider hyperventilation and 
hyperosmolar therapy. Give high-dose methylprednisolone (1-2 g, 
repeat every 24 hours if needed; taper as clinically indicated) and 
cyclophosphamide 1.5 g/m2.
Grade 4 Start non-sedating, antiseizure medicines (e.g., levetiracetam) for 
seizure prophylaxis.
Dexamethasone 20 mg IV every 6 hours.
If no improvement after 24 hours or worsening of neurologic toxicity, 
escalate to methylprednisolone (dose and frequency as per Grade 2).
If cerebral edema is suspected, consider hyperventilation and 
hyperosmolar therapy. Give high-dose methylprednisolone (1-2 g, 
repeat every 24 hours if needed; taper as clinically indicated), and 
cyclophosphamide 1.5 g/m2.
a NCI CTCAE criteria for grading neurologic toxicities, version 4.03.
3 DOSAGE FORMS AND STRENGTHS
BREYANZI is a cell suspension for infusion.
A single dose of BREYANZI contains CAR-positive viable T cells that consist of CD8 
and CD4 components, with each component supplied separately in single-dose vials  
[see Dosage and Administration (2.1)].
More than one vial of each of the CD8 component and/or CD4 component may be needed 
to achieve the dose of BREYANZI.
Each vial contains between 6.9 × 106  and 322 x 106  CAR-positive viable T cells in 4.6 mL 
cell suspension (between 1.5 × 106  and 70 x 106  CAR-positive viable T cells/mL).
The infusion volume is calculated based on the concentration of cryopreserved drug 
product CAR-positive viable T cells. The volume may differ for each component infused. 
See the RFI Certificate for details [see How Supplied/Storage and Handling (16)].
4 CONTRAINDICATIONS
None.5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS
5.1 Cytokine Release Syndrome
Cytokine release syndrome (CRS), including fatal or life-threatening reactions, occurred 
following treatment with BREYANZI.
In clinical trials of BREYANZI, which enrolled a total of 702 patients with non-Hodgkin 
lymphoma (NHL), CRS occurred in 54% of patients, including ≥Grade 3 CRS (Lee grading 
system1) in 3.2% of patients. The median time to onset was 5 days (range: 1 to 63 days). 
CRS resolved in 98% of patients with a median duration of 5 days (range: 1 to 37 days). 
One patient had fatal CRS and 5 patients had ongoing CRS at the time of death. The most 
common manifestations of CRS (≥10%) included fever, hypotension, chills, tachycardia, 
hypoxia, and headache.
Serious events that may be associated with CRS include cardiac arrhythmias (including 
atrial fibrillation and ventricular tachycardia), cardiac arrest, cardiac failure, diffuse 
alveolar damage, renal insufficiency, capillary leak syndrome, hypotension, hypoxia, and 
hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis/macrophage activation syndrome (HLH/MAS) [see 
Adverse Reactions (6.1)].
Ensure that 2 doses of tocilizumab are available prior to infusion of BREYANZI. 
Monitor patients daily for at least 7 days following BREYANZI infusion at a REMS-certified 
healthcare facility for signs and symptoms of CRS. Monitor patients for signs or symptoms 
of CRS for at least 4 weeks after infusion. At the first sign of CRS, institute treatment with 
supportive care, tocilizumab, or tocilizumab and corticosteroids as indicated [see Dosage 
and Administration (2.3)]. 
Counsel patients to seek immediate medical attention should signs or symptoms of CRS 
occur at any time [see Patient Counseling Information (1 7)].
5.2 Neurologic Toxicities
Neurologic toxicities that were fatal or life-threatening, including immune effector cell-
associated neurotoxicity syndrome (ICANS), occurred following treatment with BREYANZI. 
Serious events including cerebral edema and seizures occurred with BREYANZI. Fatal and 
serious cases of leukoencephalopathy, some attributable to fludarabine, also occurred.
In clinical trials of BREYANZI, CAR T cell-associated neurologic toxicities occurred in 31% 
of patients, including ≥ Grade 3 cases in 10% of patients. The median time to onset of 
neurotoxicity was 8 days (range: 1 to 63 days). Neurologic toxicities resolved in 88% of 
patients with a median duration of 7 days (range: 1 to 119 days). Of patients developing 
neurotoxicity, 82% also developed CRS.
The most common neurologic toxicities (≥5%) included encephalopathy, tremor, aphasia, 
delirium, and headache.
Monitor patients daily for at least 7 days following BREYANZI infusion at a REMS-certified 
healthcare facility for signs and symptoms of neurologic toxicities and assess for 
other causes of neurological symptoms. Monitor patients for signs or symptoms of 
neurologic toxicities for at least 4 weeks after infusion and treat promptly. Manage 
neurologic toxicity with supportive care and/or corticosteroid as needed [see Dosage and 
Administration (2.3)]. 
Counsel patients to seek immediate medical attention should signs or symptoms of 
neurologic toxicity occur at any time [see Patient Counseling Information (17)].
5.3 BREYANZI REMS
Because of the risk of CRS and neurologic toxicities, BREYANZI is available only through 
a restricted program under a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) called 
the BREYANZI REMS [see Boxed Warning and Warnings and Precautions (5.1, 5.2)].  
The required components of the BREYANZI REMS are:
• Healthcare facilities that dispense and administer BREYANZI must be enrolled and 
comply with the REMS requirements.
• Certified healthcare facilities must have on-site, immediate access to tocilizumab.
• Ensure that a minimum of 2 doses of tocilizumab are available for each patient for 
infusion within 2 hours after BREYANZI infusion, if needed for treatment of CRS.
Further information is available at www.BreyanziREMS.com or contact Bristol-Myers 
Squibb at 1-866-340-7332.
5.4 Hypersensitivity Reactions
Allergic reactions may occur with the infusion of BREYANZI. Serious hypersensitivity 
reactions, including anaphylaxis, may be due to dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO).
5.5 Serious Infections
Severe infections, including life-threatening or fatal infections, have occurred in patients 
after BREYANZI infusion.
In clinical trials of BREYANZI, infections of any grade occurred in 34% of patients, with 
Grade 3 or higher infections occurred in 12% of all patients. Grade 3 or higher infections 
with an unspecified pathogen occurred in 7%, bacterial infections in 3.7%, viral infections 
in 2%, and fungal infections in 0.7% of patients. One patient with FL, who received four 
prior lines of therapy developed a fatal case of John Cunningham (JC) virus progressive 
multifocal leukoencephalopathy four months after treatment with BREYANZI. One patient 
with MCL, who received three prior lines of therapy, developed a fatal case of cryptococcal 
meningoencephalitis 35 days after treatment with BREYANZI.BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel) BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel)Febrile neutropenia developed after BREYANZI infusion in 8% of patients. Febrile 
neutropenia may be concurrent with CRS. In the event of febrile neutropenia, evaluate for 
infection and manage with broad-spectrum antibiotics, fluids, and other supportive care 
as medically indicated.
Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infection before and after BREYANZI 
administration and treat appropriately. Administer prophylactic antimicrobials according 
to standard institutional guidelines.
Avoid administration of BREYANZI in patients with clinically significant, active systemic 
infections.
Viral Reactivation
Hepatitis B virus (HBV) reactivation, in some cases resulting in fulminant hepatitis, hepatic 
failure, and death, can occur in patients treated with drugs directed against B cells.
In clinical trials of BREYANZI, 35 of 38 patients with a prior history of HBV were treated 
with concurrent antiviral suppressive therapy. Perform screening for HBV, HCV, and HIV in 
accordance with clinical guidelines before collection of cells for manufacturing. In patients 
with prior history of HBV, consider concurrent antiviral suppressive therapy to prevent HBV 
reactivation per standard guidelines.
5.6 Prolonged Cytopenias
Patients may exhibit cytopenias not resolved for several weeks following lymphodepleting 
chemotherapy and BREYANZI infusion.
In clinical trials of BREYANZI, Grade 3 or higher cytopenias persisted at Day 29 following 
BREYANZI infusion in 35% of patients, and included thrombocytopenia in 25%, 
neutropenia in 22%, and anemia in 6% of patients.
Monitor complete blood counts prior to and after BREYANZI administration.
5.7 Hypogammaglobulinemia
B-cell aplasia and hypogammaglobulinemia can occur in patients receiving BREYANZI.
In clinical trials of BREYANZI, hypogammaglobulinemia was reported as an adverse 
reaction in 10% of patients. Hypogammaglobulinemia, either as an adverse reaction or 
laboratory IgG level below 500 mg/dL after infusion, was reported in 30% of patients.
Monitor immunoglobulin levels after treatment with BREYANZI and manage using 
infection precautions, antibiotic prophylaxis, and immunoglobulin replacement as clinically 
indicated.
Live Vaccines
The safety of immunization with live viral vaccines during or following BREYANZI treatment 
has not been studied. Vaccination with live virus vaccines is not recommended for at least 
6 weeks prior to the start of lymphodepleting chemotherapy, during BREYANZI treatment, 
and until immune recovery following treatment with BREYANZI.
5.8 Secondary Malignancies
Patients treated with BREYANZI may develop secondary malignancies. T cell malignancies 
have occurred following treatment of hematologic malignancies with BCMA- and 
CD19-directed genetically modified autologous T cell immunotherapies, including 
BREYANZI. Mature T cell malignancies, including CAR-positive tumors, may present 
as soon as weeks following infusion, and may include fatal outcomes [see Boxed 
Warning, Adverse Reactions (6.2), Patient Counseling Information (17)]. Monitor lifelong 
for secondary malignancies. In the event that a secondary malignancy occurs, contact 
Bristol-Myers Squibb at 1 -888-805-4555 for reporting and to obtain instructions on 
collection of patient samples for testing.
5.9 Effects on Ability to Drive and Use Machines
Due to the potential for neurologic events, including altered mental status or seizures, 
patients receiving BREYANZI are at risk for developing altered or decreased consciousness 
or impaired coordination in the 8 weeks following BREYANZI administration. Advise 
patients to refrain from driving and engaging in hazardous occupations or activities, such 
as operating heavy or potentially dangerous machinery, for at least 8 weeks.
5.10 Immune Effector Cell-Associated Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis-
Like Syndrome (IEC-HS)
Immune Effector Cell-Associated Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis-Like Syndrome 
(IEC-HS), including fatal or life-threatening reactions, occurred following treatment with 
BREYANZI. Three of 89 (3%) safety evaluable patients with R/R CLL/SLL developed IEC-HS. 
Time to onset of IEC-HS ranged from 7 to 18 days. Two of the 3 patients developed IEC-HS 
in the setting of ongoing CRS and 1 in the setting of ongoing neurotoxicity. IEC-HS was 
fatal in 2 of 3 patients. One patient had fatal IEC-HS and one had ongoing IEC-HS at 
time of death.
IEC-HS is a life-threatening condition with a high mortality rate if not recognized and 
treated early. Treatment of IEC-HS should be administered per current practice guidelines.
6 ADVERSE REACTIONS
The following adverse reactions are described elsewhere in the labeling:
• Cytokine Release Syndrome  [see Warnings and Precautions (5.1, 5.3)]
• Neurologic Toxicities  [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2, 5.3)]• Hypersensitivity Reactions  [see Warnings and Precautions (5.4)]
• Serious Infections  [see Warnings and Precautions (5.5)]
• Prolonged Cytopenias  [see Warnings and Precautions (5.6)]
• Hypogammaglobulinemia  [see Warnings and Precautions (5.7)]
6.1 Clinical Trials Experience
Because clinical trials are conducted under widely varying conditions, adverse reaction 
rates observed in the clinical trials of a drug cannot be directly compared to rates in the 
clinical trials of another drug and may not reflect the rates observed in practice.
The safety data described in the WARNINGS and PRECAUTIONS (N=702) and in this 
section reflect exposure to a single dose of BREYANZI in one randomized, open-label study 
with 89 patients (TRANSFORM) with relapsed or refractory LBCL, and five open-label, 
single-arm studies with 61 patients (PILOT) and 268 patients (TRANSCEND) with relapsed 
or refractory LBCL, 89 patients with relapsed or refractory CLL/SLL (TRANSCEND-CLL), 
107 patients with relapsed or refractory FL (TRANSCEND-FL), and 88 patients with 
relapsed or refractory MCL (TRANSCEND-MCL Cohort).
Relapsed or Refractory LBCL After One Line of Therapy
TRANSFORM
The safety of BREYANZI was evaluated in the TRANSFORM, a randomized, open-label, 
multicenter study, in which patients with primary refractory LBCL or relapse within 
1 year of first-line chemoimmunotherapy received BREYANZI (N=89) or standard therapy 
(N=91) [see Clinical Studies (14. 1)]. Patients had not yet received treatment for relapsed 
or refractory lymphoma and were potential candidates for autologous HSCT. The trial 
excluded patients who were ineligible for transplant or who had age >75 years, Eastern 
Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status >1, history of central nervous 
system (CNS) disorders (such as seizures or cerebrovascular ischemia), uncontrolled 
infection, CrCl <45 mL/min, alanine aminotransferase (ALT) >5 times the upper limit of 
normal (ULN), left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) <40%, or absolute neutrophil count 
(ANC) <1.0 × 109  cells/L or platelets <50 × 109  cells/L in the absence of bone marrow 
involvement.
The planned dose of BREYANZI was 100 × 106  CAR-positive viable T cells. The median 
age of the BREYANZI-treated population was 59 years (range: 20 to 74 years); 47% were 
male; 58% were White, 11% were Asian, and 5% were Black.
Serious adverse reactions occurred in 38% of patients. The most common nonlaboratory 
serious adverse reactions (>2%) were CRS, sepsis, fever, febrile neutropenia, headache, 
aphasia, COVID-19 infection, and pulmonary embolism.
Table 4 presents selected nonlaboratory adverse reactions in patients treated with 
BREYANZI, and Table 5 describes selected new or worsening Grade 3 or 4 laboratory 
abnormalities.
The most common nonlaboratory adverse reactions (≥20%) were fever, CRS, 
musculoskeletal pain, headache, fatigue, nausea, constipation, and dizziness.
Table 4:  Adverse Reactions in ≥10% of Patients Treated with BREYANZI in the 
TRANSFORM Study (N=89)
Adverse Reaction Any Grade (%) Grade 3 or Higher (%)
Blood and lymphatic system disorders
Febrile neutropenia 10 10
Cardiac disorders
Tachycardia a15 1.1
Gastrointestinal disorders
Nausea 24 0
Constipation 20 2.2
Diarrhea 18 0
Abdominal pain b13 2.2
Vomiting 11 0
General disorders and administration site conditions
Fever 55 3.4
Fatigue c28 1.1
Edema d13 0
Immune system disorders
Cytokine release syndrome 49 1.1
Infections and infestations e
Bacterial infectious disorders  12 6
Infections with pathogen 
unspecified12 6
Sepsis f10 7
(Continued)BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel) BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel)Table 4:  Adverse Reactions in ≥10% of Patients Treated with BREYANZI in the 
TRANSFORM Study (N=89)
Adverse Reaction Any Grade (%) Grade 3 or Higher (%)
Metabolism and nutrition disorders
Decreased appetite 15 0
Musculoskeletal and connective tissue disorders
Musculoskeletal pain g36 3.4
Nervous system disorders
Headache h34 6
Dizziness i20 1.1
Motor dysfunction j  12 3.4
Tremor k11 1.1
Psychiatric disorders
Insomnia l15 0
Respiratory, thoracic, and mediastinal disorders
Cough m11 0
Skin and subcutaneous tissue disorders
Rash n12 1.1
Vascular disorders
Hypotension o15 2.2
Hemorrhage p12 0
a Tachycardia includes atrial flutter, sinus tachycardia, supraventricular tachycardia, 
tachycardia.
b Abdominal pain includes abdominal pain, abdominal pain lower, abdominal tenderness.
c Fatigue includes asthenia, fatigue, malaise.
d Edema includes edema peripheral, localized edema, pleural effusion swelling.
e Infections and infestations are grouped per high-level grouped term.
f Sepsis includes bacteremia, bacterial sepsis, enterococcal bacteremia, Escherichia 
bacteremia, Klebsiella bacteremia, Klebsiella sepsis, sepsis, septic shock, staphylococcal 
bacteremia.
g Musculoskeletal pain includes arthralgia, back pain, bone pain, flank pain, musculoskeletal 
chest pain, musculoskeletal pain, musculoskeletal stiffness, myalgia, neck pain, 
osteoarthritis, pain in extremity.
h Headache includes headache, migraine, migraine with aura.
i Dizziness includes dizziness, dizziness postural, syncope, vertigo.
j Motor dysfunction includes fine motor skill dysfunction, muscle spasms, muscular 
weakness.
k Tremor includes resting tremor, tremor, essential tremor.
l Insomnia includes insomnia, sleep disorder.
m Cough includes cough, productive cough.
n Rash includes catheter site rash, dermatitis acneiform, dermatitis exfoliative generalized, 
erythema multiforme, rash, rash maculo-papular, rash pruritic.
o Hypotension includes hypotension, orthostatic hypotension.
p Hemorrhage includes conjunctival hemorrhage, cystitis hemorrhagic, epistaxis, 
gastrointestinal hemorrhage, hematoma, hematuria, retinal hemorrhage, vaginal 
hemorrhage.
Other clinically important adverse reactions in <10% of patients treated with BREYANZI 
included the following:
• Immune system disorders:  Hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (1.1%)
• Infections and infestations:  Viral infection (9%), fungal infection (4.5%), pneumonia 
(2.2%)
• Nervous system disorders:  Encephalopathy (8%), aphasia (4.5%), peripheral 
neuropathy (4.5%), ataxia (3.4%), paresis (1.1%)
• Psychiatric disorders:  Delirium (2.2%)
• Renal and urinary disorders:  Renal failure (3.4%)
• Respiratory, thoracic, and mediastinal disorders:  Dyspnea (8%)
• Vascular disorders:  Thrombosis (8%), hypertension (7%)
Table 5: Grade 3 or 4 Laboratory Abnormalities Occurring in ≥10% of 
Patients Treated with BREYANZI in the TRANSFORM Study
Laboratory Abnormality aGrade 3 or 4 (%) b
Lymphocyte count decreased 98
Neutrophil count decreased 89
Platelet count decreased 48
Hemoglobin decreased 32
a Baseline lab values were assessed prior to lymphodepleting chemotherapy.
b Based on 88 evaluable patients, defined as those with both a baseline grade and at least 
one post-baseline grade for the particular lab.Grade 4 laboratory abnormalities in ≥10% of patients were lymphocyte decrease (64%), 
neutrophil decrease (66%), and platelet decrease (34%).
PILOT
The safety of BREYANZI was evaluated in the PILOT study, a single-arm open-label study 
in transplant-ineligible patients with R/R LBCL after one line of chemoimmunotherapy 
[see Clinical Studies (14. 1)]. The study enrolled patients who were ineligible for high-dose 
therapy and autologous HSCT due to organ function or age, but who had adequate 
organ function for CAR-T cell therapy. Patients with a history of relevant CNS disorders 
(such as seizures or cerebrovascular ischemia), ECOG performance status >2, or 
uncontrolled infection were ineligible. The trial required LVEF ≥40%, adequate oxygen 
saturation on room air with ≤Grade 1 dyspnea, AST, and ALT ≤5 x ULN, total bilirubin 
<2.0 mg/dL, creatinine clearance >30 mL/min, and adequate bone marrow function to 
receive lymphodepleting chemotherapy. The planned dose of BREYANZI was 100 × 106  
CAR-positive viable T cells.
The median age was 74 years (range: 53 to 84 years), 90% were age ≥65 years, 61% 
were male. The ECOG performance status was 0 or 1 in 74% of patients and 2 in 26% of 
patients; 25% had CrCl <60 ml/min; 20% had a baseline ANC <1000/µL.
Serious adverse reactions occurred in 33% of patients. The most common nonlaboratory, 
serious adverse reactions (>2%) were CRS, confusional state, gastrointestinal 
hemorrhage, muscular weakness, musculoskeletal pain, pulmonary embolism, and sepsis.
Table 6 presents selected nonlaboratory adverse reactions, and Table 7 describes selected 
new or worsening Grade 3 or 4 laboratory abnormalities.
The most common nonlaboratory adverse reactions (≥20%) were fatigue, CRS, fever, 
nausea, encephalopathy, hypotension, musculoskeletal pain, and edema.
Table 6: Adverse Reactions in ≥10% of Patients Treated with BREYANZI in the 
PILOT Study (N=61)
Adverse Reaction Any Grade (%) Grade 3 or Higher (%)
Cardiac disorders
Tachycardia a10 0
Gastrointestinal disorders
Nausea 25 1.6
Diarrhea 15 0
Constipation 11 0
General disorders and administration site conditions
Fatigue b44 1.6
Fever 38 1.6
Edema c20 0
Immune system disorders
Cytokine release syndrome 39 1.6
Infections and infestations
Infections with pathogen 
unspecified d 13 4.9
Upper respiratory tract 
infection e 13 0
Bacterial infectious disorders 10 3.3
Metabolism and nutrition disorders
Decreased appetite 13 1.6
Musculoskeletal and connective tissue disorders
Musculoskeletal pain f23 4.9
Nervous system disorders
Encephalopathy g23 4.9
Dizziness h16 1.6
Tremor i16 0
Headache  11 1.6
Psychiatric disorders
Insomnia 11 0
Respiratory, thoracic, and mediastinal disorders
Cough j18 0
Dyspnea k16 4.9
Vascular disorders
Hypotension l23 1.6
Hypertension 10 4.9
a Tachycardia includes atrial fibrillation, sinus tachycardia, tachycardia.
b Fatigue includes asthenia, fatigue, malaise.
(Continued)(Continued)BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel) BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel)Table 6: Adverse Reactions in ≥10% of Patients Treated with BREYANZI in the 
PILOT Study (N=61)
c Edema includes edema peripheral, pleural effusion, swelling.
d Grouped per high-level grouped term.
e Upper respiratory tract infection includes nasal congestion, paranasal sinus hypersecretion, 
rhinitis, rhinorrhea, upper respiratory tract infection.
f Musculoskeletal pain includes arthralgia, back pain, bone pain, flank pain, musculoskeletal 
chest pain, musculoskeletal pain, musculoskeletal stiffness, myalgia, neck pain, 
osteoarthritis, pain in extremity, spinal pain.
g Encephalopathy includes amnesia, apraxia, cognitive disorder, confusional state, depressed 
level of consciousness, disturbance in attention, dyscalculia, encephalopathy, lethargy, 
memory impairment, mental status changes, somnolence.
h Dizziness includes dizziness, dizziness postural, syncope, vertigo.
i Tremor includes resting tremor, tremor.
j Cough includes cough, productive cough.
k Dyspnea includes acute respiratory distress syndrome, dyspnea, tachypnea, wheezing.
l Hypotension includes hypotension, orthostatic hypotension.
Other clinically important adverse reactions in <10% of patients included the following:
• Blood and lymphatic system disorders:  Febrile neutropenia (1.6%)
• Eye disorders:  Vision blurred (3.3%)
• Gastrointestinal disorders:  Vomiting (8%), abdominal pain (7%), gastrointestinal 
hemorrhage (4.9%)
• Infections and infestations:  Fungal infection (4.9%), sepsis (3.3%), viral infection 
(3.3%)
• Nervous system disorders:  Motor dysfunction (7%), aphasia (4.9%), ataxia (4.9%), 
peripheral neuropathy (4.9%)
• Psychiatric disorders:  Delirium (3.3%)
• Renal and urinary disorders:  Renal failure (7%)
• Respiratory, thoracic, and mediastinal disorders:  Hypoxia (4.9%)
• Skin and subcutaneous tissue disorders:  Rash (7%)
• Vascular disorders:  Thrombosis (7%)
Table 7: Grade 3 or 4 Laboratory Abnormalities Occurring in ≥10% of 
Patients Treated with BREYANZI in the PILOT Study (N=61)
Laboratory Abnormality aGrade 3 or 4 (%)
Lymphocyte count decreased 97
Neutrophil count decreased 80
Hemoglobin decreased 30
Platelet count decreased 26
a Baseline lab values were assessed prior to lymphodepleting chemotherapy.
Grade 4 laboratory abnormalities in ≥10% of patients were lymphocyte decrease (95%), 
neutrophil decrease (57%), and platelet decrease (20%).
Relapsed or Refractory LBCL After Two or More Lines of Therapy
TRANSCEND
The safety of BREYANZI was evaluated in the TRANSCEND study, in which 268 adult 
patients with R/R LBCL after 2 or more prior lines of therapy received a single dose of 
CAR-positive viable T cells [see Clinical Studies (14.1)]. Patients with a history of CNS 
disorders (such as seizures or cerebrovascular ischemia) or autoimmune disease requiring 
systemic immunosuppression were ineligible. The median age of the study population 
was 63 years (range: 18 to 86 years); 65% were male. The ECOG performance status 
at screening was 0 in 41% of patients, 1 in 58% of patients, and 2 in 1.5% of patients.
Serious adverse reactions occurred in 46% of patients. The most common nonlaboratory 
serious adverse reactions (>2%) were CRS, encephalopathy, sepsis, febrile neutropenia, 
aphasia, pneumonia, fever, hypotension, dizziness, and delirium. Fatal adverse reactions 
occurred in 4% of patients.
Table 8 presents selected nonlaboratory adverse reactions reported in patients treated 
with BREYANZI, and Table 9 describes selected new or worsening Grade 3 or 4 laboratory 
abnormalities.
The most common nonlaboratory adverse reactions (≥20%) were fatigue, CRS, 
musculoskeletal pain, nausea, headache, encephalopathy, infections (pathogen 
unspecified), decreased appetite, diarrhea, hypotension, tachycardia, dizziness, cough, 
constipation, abdominal pain, vomiting, and edema.Table 8: Adverse Reactions in ≥10% of Patients Treated with BREYANZI in the 
TRANSCEND Study (N=268)
Adverse Reaction Any Grade (%) Grade 3 or Higher (%)
Cardiac disorders
 Tachycardia a25 0
Gastrointestinal disorders
 Nausea 33 1.5
 Diarrhea 26 0.4
 Constipation 23 0
 Abdominal pain b21 3.0
 Vomiting 21 0.4
General disorders and administration site conditions
 Fatigue c48 3.4
 Edema d21 1.1
 Fever 16 0
 Chills 12 0
Immune system disorders
 Cytokine release syndrome 46 4.1
Infections and infestations e
 Infection with pathogen  
  unspecified f 29 16
 Bacterial infection g13 5
 Upper respiratory tract  
 infection h 13 0.7
 Viral infection 10 1.5
Metabolism and nutrition disorders
 Decreased appetite 28 2.6
Musculoskeletal and connective tissue disorders
 Musculoskeletal pain i37 2.2
Nervous system disorders
 Headache j30 1.1
 Encephalopathy k29 9
 Dizziness l24 2.6
 Tremor m16 0
 Peripheral neuropathy n11 0
 Aphasia o10 2.2
 Motor dysfunction p10 1.1
Psychiatric disorders
 Insomnia q14 0.4
 Anxiety r10 0
 Delirium s10 2.2
Renal and urinary disorders
 Renal failure t11 3.0
Respiratory, thoracic, and mediastinal disorders
 Cough u23 0
 Dyspnea v16 2.6
Skin and subcutaneous tissue disorders
 Rash w13 0.4
Vascular disorders
 Hypotension x26 3.4
 Hypertension 14 4.5
 Hemorrhage y10 1.5
a Tachycardia includes heart rate increased, sinus tachycardia, tachycardia.
b Abdominal pain includes abdominal discomfort, abdominal pain, abdominal pain lower, 
abdominal pain upper, abdominal tenderness.
c Fatigue includes asthenia, fatigue, malaise.
d Edema includes edema, edema peripheral, fluid overload, fluid retention, generalized edema, 
hypervolemia, peripheral swelling, pulmonary congestion, pulmonary edema, swelling.
e Infections and infestations are grouped by pathogen type and selected clinical syndromes.
f Infections with pathogen unspecified contains febrile neutropenia (9%).
g Bacterial infection includes infections by pathogen type plus appendicitis, diverticulitis, 
peritonitis, skin infection, tooth infection.
(Continued)(Continued)BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel) BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel)Table 8: Adverse Reactions in ≥10% of Patients Treated with BREYANZI in the 
TRANSCEND Study (N=268)
h Upper respiratory tract infections include nasopharyngitis, pharyngitis, rhinitis, rhinovirus 
infection, sinusitis, upper respiratory tract congestion, upper respiratory tract infection.
i Musculoskeletal pain includes arthralgia, back pain, bone pain, musculoskeletal chest pain, 
musculoskeletal discomfort, musculoskeletal pain, musculoskeletal stiffness, myalgia, neck 
pain, pain in extremity, spinal pain.
j Headache includes headache, head discomfort, migraine, sinus headache.
k Encephalopathy includes amnesia, bradyphrenia, cognitive disorder, confusional 
state, depersonalization/derealization disorder, depressed level of consciousness, 
disturbance in attention, encephalopathy, flat affect, hypersomnia, incoherent, lethargy, 
leukoencephalopathy, loss of consciousness, memory impairment, mental impairment, 
mental status changes, somnolence.
l Dizziness includes dizziness, presyncope, syncope, vertigo.
m Tremor includes essential tremor, resting tremor, tremor. 
n Peripheral neuropathy includes hyperesthesia, hypoesthesia, meralgia paresthetica, 
neuralgia, neuropathy peripheral, paresthesia, peripheral sensory neuropathy, sciatica, 
sensory loss.
o Aphasia includes aphasia, disorganized speech, dysarthria, dysphemia, dysphonia, slow 
speech, speech disorder.
p Motor dysfunction includes eyelid ptosis, motor dysfunction, muscle rigidity, muscle spasms, 
muscle spasticity, muscle tightness, muscle twitching, muscular weakness, myoclonus, 
myopathy.
q Insomnia includes insomnia, somnambulism.
r Anxiety includes anxiety, panic attack.
s Delirium includes agitation, delirium, delusion, disorientation, hallucination, ‘hallucination, 
visual’, irritability, restlessness.
t Renal failure includes acute kidney injury, blood creatinine increased, chronic kidney 
disease, renal failure, renal injury.
u Cough includes cough, productive cough, upper-airway cough syndrome.
v Dyspnea includes acute respiratory failure, dyspnea, dyspnea exertional, respiratory failure.
w Rash includes erythema, dermatitis acneiform, perineal rash, rash, rash erythematous, rash 
macular, rash maculo-papular, rash morbilliform, rash papular, rash pruritic, rash pustular.
x Hypotension includes hypotension, orthostatic hypotension.
y Hemorrhage includes catheter site hemorrhage, conjunctival hemorrhage, epistaxis, 
hematoma, hematuria, hemorrhage, hemorrhage intracranial, pulmonary hemorrhage, 
retinal hemorrhage, vaginal hemorrhage.
Other clinically important adverse reactions in <10% of patients included the following:
• Cardiac disorders:  Arrhythmia (6%), cardiomyopathy (1.5%)
• Gastrointestinal disorders:  Gastrointestinal hemorrhage (4.1%)
• Infections and infestations:   Pneumonia (8%), fungal infection (8%), sepsis (4.5%), 
urinary tract infection (4.1%)
• Metabolism and nutrition disorders:  Tumor lysis syndrome (0.7%)
• Nervous system disorders:   Ataxia or gait disturbance (7%), visual disturbance 
(5%), paresis (2.6%), cerebrovascular events (1.9%), seizure (1.1%), brain edema 
(0.4%)
• Procedural complications:  Infusion-related reaction (1.9%)
• Respiratory, thoracic, and mediastinal disorders:  Pleural effusion (7%), hypoxia (6%)
• Vascular disorder:  Thrombosis (7%)
Table 9: Grade 3 or 4 Laboratory Abnormalities Occurring in ≥10% of 
Patients Treated with BREYANZI in the TRANSCEND Study
Laboratory Abnormality aGrade 3 or 4 (%) b
Lymphocyte count decreased 95
Neutrophil count decreased 88
Platelet count decreased 41
Hemoglobin decreased 32
Phosphate decreased 16
Fibrinogen decreased 14
a Baseline lab values were assessed prior to lymphodepleting chemotherapy.
b The denominator varied from 239 to 268, based on the number of patients with a baseline 
value and at least one post-treatment value for the particular lab.
Relapsed or Refractory CLL/SLL
TRANSCEND-CLL
The safety of BREYANZI was evaluated in the TRANSCEND-CLL study, which included 
89 adult patients with R/R CLL/SLL who had received at least 2 prior lines of therapy 
including a BTK inhibitor and a BCL-2 inhibitor before receiving a single dose of 
CAR-positive viable T cells [see Clinical Studies (1 4.2)]. Patients with a history of CNS 
disorders (such as seizures or cerebrovascular ischemia) or autoimmune disease 
requiring systemic immunosuppression, Richter’s transformation, ECOG performance 
status >1 were ineligible. The trial required LVEF ≥40%, adequate oxygen saturation on room air with ≤Grade 1 dyspnea, ALT ≤5 x ULN, total bilirubin <2.0 mg/dL, creatinine 
clearance >30 mL/min, and adequate bone marrow function to receive lymphodepleting 
chemotherapy.
The median age of the study population was 66 years (range: 49 to 82 years); 69% were 
male, 84% were White, 3% were Black, 1% were Asian. Two percent were Hispanic, and 
89% were non-Hispanic. The ECOG performance status at screening was 0 in 40% of 
patients, and 1 in 60% of patients.
Serious adverse reactions occurred in 60% of patients. The most common nonlaboratory 
serious adverse reactions (>2%) were CRS, encephalopathy, febrile neutropenia, 
pneumonia, hemorrhage, fever, renal failure, aphasia, abdominal pain, delirium, tumor 
lysis syndrome, upper respiratory tract infection, and hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis 
[IEC-HS]. Fatal adverse reactions occurred in 1.1% of patients.
Table 10 presents selected nonlaboratory adverse reactions reported in patients treated 
with BREYANZI, and Table 11 describes selected new or worsening Grade 3 or 4 laboratory 
abnormalities.
The most common nonlaboratory adverse reactions (≥20%) were CRS, encephalopathy, 
fatigue, musculoskeletal pain, nausea, edema, diarrhea, dyspnea, headache, fever, 
decreased appetite, constipation, tremor, dizziness, Infection with pathogen unspecified, 
rash, tachycardia, cough, and delirium.
Table 10: Adverse Reactions in ≥10% of Patients Treated with BREYANZI in the 
TRANSCEND-CLL Study (N=89)
Adverse Reaction Any Grade (%) Grade 3 or Higher (%)
Blood and lymphatic system disorders
 Febrile neutropenia 12 12
Cardiac disorders
 Tachycardia a21 0
Gastrointestinal disorders
 Nausea 35 0
 Diarrhea b 30 1.1
 Constipation 24 0
 Abdominal pain c18 0
 Vomiting 15 0
General disorders and administration site conditions
 Fatigue d40 4.5
 Edema e30 4.5
 Fever f27 1.1
 Chills 17 1.1
Immune system disorders
 Cytokine release syndrome 83 9
Infections and infestations  
 Infection with pathogen  
  unspecified g 23 10
 Upper respiratory tract  
 infection h 19 1.1
 Viral infection g10 1.1
Metabolism and nutrition disorders
 Decreased appetite 27 4.5
 Tumor lysis syndrome 11 11
Musculoskeletal and connective tissue disorders
 Musculoskeletal pain i42 1.1
Nervous system disorders
 Encephalopathy j44 18
 Headache k28 1.1
 Tremor  24 2.2
 Dizziness l21 1.1
 Motor dysfunction m14 2.2
 Peripheral neuropathy n12 0
 Taste disorder o10 0
Psychiatric disorders
 Delirium p20 3.4
 Insomnia 16 1.1
 Anxiety 12 1.1
(Continued)(Continued)BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel) BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel)Table 10: Adverse Reactions in ≥10% of Patients Treated with BREYANZI in the 
TRANSCEND-CLL Study (N=89)
Adverse Reaction Any Grade (%) Grade 3 or Higher (%)
Renal and urinary disorders
 Renal failure q15 3.4
Respiratory, thoracic, and mediastinal disorders
 Dyspnea r27 8
 Cough s20 0
Skin and subcutaneous tissue disorders
 Rash t23 2.2
Vascular disorders
 Hypotension u17 0
 Hemorrhage v16 1.1
 Hypertension 10 4.5
a Tachycardia includes atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter, sinus tachycardia, tachycardia, ventricular 
tachycardia.
b Diarrhea includes diarrhea.
c Abdominal pain includes abdominal pain, abdominal tenderness.
d Fatigue includes asthenia, fatigue, malaise.
e Edema includes ascites, face edema, hypervolemia, edema peripheral, pleural effusion, 
pulmonary edema, scrotal edema.
f Fever includes pyrexia.
g Grouped per high-level grouped term.
h Upper respiratory tract infection includes acute sinusitis, nasal congestion, nasopharyngitis, 
rhinitis, rhinovirus infection, sinusitis, upper respiratory tract infection.
i Musculoskeletal pain includes arthralgia, arthritis, back pain, bone pain, flank pain, 
musculoskeletal chest pain, myalgia, neck pain, non-cardiac chest pain, pain in extremity.
j Encephalopathy includes cognitive disorder, confusional state, disturbance in attention, 
encephalopathy, lethargy, memory impairment, mental status changes, somnolence.
k Headache includes headache, sinus headache.
l Dizziness includes dizziness, presyncope, syncope, vertigo.
m Motor dysfunction includes asterixis, muscle spasms, muscular weakness, myoclonus.
n Peripheral neuropathy includes hyperesthesia, hypoesthesia, neuralgia, neuropathy 
peripheral, paresthesia, peripheral sensory neuropathy.
o Taste disorder includes dysgeusia, taste disorder.
p Delirium includes agitation, delirium, hallucination, hallucination visual, intensive care unit 
delirium, irritability, restlessness.
q Renal failure includes acute kidney injury, chronic kidney disease, renal failure.
r Dyspnea includes dyspnea, respiratory failure, tachypnea, wheezing.
s Cough includes cough, productive cough, upper-airway cough syndrome.
t Rash includes dermatitis contact, erythema, petechiae, rash, rash macular, rash maculo-
papular, scrotal erythema, seborrheic keratosis, urticaria.
u Hypotension includes hypotension, orthostatic hypotension.
v Hemorrhage includes epistaxis, hemorrhage intracranial, hematoma, hematuria, 
hemorrhoidal hemorrhage, intraventricular hemorrhage, lower gastrointestinal hemorrhage, 
traumatic hemothorax.
Other clinically important adverse reactions in <10% of patients included the following: 
• Cardiac disorders:  Chest discomfort (4.5%), Arrhythmia (2.2%).
• Eye disorders:  Vision blurred (4.5%).
• Gastrointestinal disorders:  Dyspepsia (9%), abdominal distension (7%).
• Immune system disorders:  Hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis [IEC-HS] (3.4%).
• Infections and infestations:  Fungal infection (9%), pneumonia (7%), urinary tract 
infection (7%), bacterial infectious disorders (4.5%), sepsis (2.2%).
• Injury, poisoning and procedural complications:  Infusion related reaction (1.1%).
• Nervous system disorders:  Aphasia (8%), Ataxia (3.4%), Paresis (3.4%), Seizure (1.1%).
• Psychiatric disorders:  Affective disorder (7%).
• Respiratory, thoracic, and mediastinal disorders:  Oral pain (8%), hypoxia (8%).
• Skin and subcutaneous tissue disorders:  Ecchymosis (8%), xerosis (7%), pruritus (6%).
• Vascular disorder:  Thrombosis (6%).
Table 11: Grade 3 or 4 Laboratory Abnormalities Occurring in ≥10% of 
Patients Treated with BREYANZI in the TRANSCEND-CLL Study
Laboratory Abnormality aGrade 3 or 4 (%) b
Neutrophil count decreased 94
Lymphocyte count decreased 87
White blood cell decreased 85
Platelet count decreased 53
Hemoglobin decreased 49
(Continued)Table 11: Grade 3 or 4 Laboratory Abnormalities Occurring in ≥10% of 
Patients Treated with BREYANZI in the TRANSCEND-CLL Study
Laboratory Abnormality aGrade 3 or 4 (%) b
Hypophosphatemia 24
Hyponatremia 18
Hypocalcemia 11
a Baseline lab values were assessed prior to lymphodepleting chemotherapy.
b The denominator ranged from 85 to 89 for other measurements, based on the number of 
patients with a baseline value and at least one post-treatment value for the particular lab.
Grade 4 laboratory abnormalities in ≥10% of patients were neutrophil count decreased 
(81%), lymphocyte count decreased (73%), white blood cell decreased (72%), and platelet 
count decreased (30%).
Relapsed or Refractory FL
TRANSCEND-FL
The safety of BREYANZI was evaluated in the TRANSCEND-FL study, in which 107 adult 
patients with relapsed or refractory FL after two or more prior lines of therapy received 
a single dose of BREYANZI [see Clinical Studies (14.3)]. Patients with a history of CNS 
disorders and active autoimmune disease requiring immunosuppressive therapy were 
ineligible. The median age was 62 years (range: 23 to 80 years), 38 % were female, and 
ECOG performance status was 0 in 61% and 1 in 39% of patients; 56% were White, 3% 
were Black, 9% were Asian; 5% were Hispanic and 69% were non-Hispanic.
Serious adverse reactions occurred in 26% of patients. The most common nonlaboratory 
serious adverse reactions (>2%) were CRS, aphasia, febrile neutropenia, fever, and tremor. 
Table 12 presents selected nonlaboratory adverse reactions reported in patients treated 
with BREYANZI, and Table 13 describes selected new or worsening Grade 3 or 4 laboratory 
abnormalities.
The most common nonlaboratory adverse reactions (≥20%) were CRS, headache, 
musculoskeletal pain, fatigue, constipation, and fever.
Table 12: Adverse Reactions* in ≥10% of Patients Treated with BREYANZI in 
the TRANSCEND-FL Study (N=107)
Adverse Reaction Any Grade (%) Grade 3 or Higher (%)
Gastrointestinal disorders
 Constipation 21 0
 Diarrhea 15 0
General disorders and administration site conditions
 Fatigue a23 0
 Fever b20 0
Immune system disorders
 Cytokine release syndrome 59 0.9
Infections and infestations  
 Infection with pathogen  
 unspecified c 16 4.7
Musculoskeletal and connective tissue disorders
 Musculoskeletal pain d28 0
Nervous system disorders
 Headache  28 0
 Tremor  15 0
* Includes adverse reactions up to 90 days following treatment with BREYANZI.
a Fatigue includes asthenia, fatigue, somnolence.
b Fever includes pyrexia.
c Grouped per high-level grouped term.
d Musculoskeletal pain includes arthralgia, back pain, bone pain, muscle spasms, flank pain, 
pain in extremity, myalgia, musculoskeletal pain, neck pain, muscle tightness, groin pain, 
tendonitis, and ligament sprain.
Other clinically important adverse reactions in <10% of patients included the following:
• Blood and lymphatic system disorders:  Febrile neutropenia (6%).
• Cardiac disorders:  Tachycardia (2.8%).
• Eye disorders:  Vision blurred (1.9%).
• Gastrointestinal disorders:  Nausea (9%), abdominal pain (4.7%), vomiting (3.7%).
• General disorders and administration site conditions:  Edema (4.7%), chills (3.7%).
• Infections and infestations:  Upper respiratory tract infection (8%), bacterial 
infectious disorders (6%), urinary tract infection (4.7%), viral infectious disorders 
(1.9%), pneumonia (1.9%), sepsis (0.9%).
• Nervous system disorders:  Encephalopathy (7%), aphasia (8%), dizziness (4.7%), 
motor dysfunction (3.7%), ataxia (3.7%), neuropathy peripheral (4.7%).(Continued) (Continued)BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel) BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel)• Psychiatric disorders:  Insomnia (4.7%), delirium (4.7%), anxiety (1.9%).
• Renal and urinary disorders:  Acute kidney injury (0.9%).
• Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders:  Cough (7%), dyspnea (1.9%), 
hypoxia (1.9%).
• Vascular disorders:  Hypotension (8%), hypertension (6%), thrombosis (4.7%).
• Skin and subcutaneous tissue disorders:  Rash (7%).
Table 13: Grade 3 or 4 Laboratory Abnormalities* Occurring in ≥10% of 
Patients Treated with BREYANZI in the TRANSCEND-FL Study (N=107)
Laboratory Abnormality aGrade 3 or 4 (%) b
Lymphocyte count decreased 94
Neutrophil count decreased 79
White blood cell decreased 74
Platelet count decreased 17
* Includes laboratory abnormalities up to 90 days following treatment with BREYANZI.
a Baseline lab values were assessed prior to lymphodepleting chemotherapy.
b Based on the number of patients with a baseline value and at least one post treatment value 
for the particular lab.
Grade 4 laboratory abnormalities in ≥10% of patients were lymphocyte count decreased 
(78%), neutrophil count decreased (61%), white blood cell decreased (41%), and platelet 
count decreased (11%).
Relapsed or Refractory MCL
TRANSCEND-MCL Cohort
The safety of BREYANZI was evaluated in the TRANSCEND Study-MCL Cohort, in which 
88 adult patients with relapsed or refractory MCL received a single dose of CAR-positive 
viable T cells [see Clinical Studies (14.4)]. Patients with a history of CNS disorders (such 
as seizures or cerebrovascular ischemia) or autoimmune disease requiring systemic 
immunosuppression were ineligible. The trial required left ventricular ejection fraction 
≥40%, adequate oxygen saturation on room air with ≤Grade 1 dyspnea, ALT ≤5 x ULN,  
total bilirubin <2.0 mg/dL, creatinine clearance >30 mL/min, and adequate bone 
marrow function to receive lymphodepleting chemotherapy. The median age of the 
study population was 69 years (range: 36 to 86 years); 76% were male, 88% were 
White, 6% were Asian and 2.3% were Black. Four percent were Hispanic, and 92% were  
non-Hispanic. The ECOG performance status at screening was 0 in 54% of patients, and 
1 in 46% of patients.
Serious adverse reactions occurred in 53% of patients. The most common nonlaboratory 
serious adverse reactions (>2%) were CRS, confusional state, fever, encephalopathy, 
mental status changes, pleural effusion, upper respiratory tract infection, and decreased 
appetite. Fatal adverse reactions occurred in 4.5% of patients.
Table 14 presents selected nonlaboratory adverse reactions reported in patients treated 
with BREYANZI, and Table 15 describes selected new or worsening Grade 3 or 4 laboratory 
abnormalities.
The most common nonlaboratory adverse reactions (≥20%) were CRS, fatigue, 
musculoskeletal pain, encephalopathy, edema, headache, and decreased appetite.
Table 14: Adverse Reactions* in ≥10% of Patients Treated with BREYANZI in 
the TRANSCEND-MCL Cohort (N=88) 
Adverse Reaction Any Grade (%) Grade 3 or Higher (%)
Cardiac disorders
 Tachycardia a17 3.4
Gastrointestinal disorders
 Nausea 18 2.3
 Diarrhea  17 0
 Abdominal pain b15 3.4
 Constipation 14 0
General disorders and administration site conditions
 Fatigue c39 2.3
 Edema d25 1.1
 Fever e17 0
 Chills 11 0
Immune system disorders
 Cytokine release syndrome 61 1.1
Infections and infestations  
 Infection with pathogen unspecified f16 6
 Upper respiratory tract infection g13 2.3
(Continued)Table 14: Adverse Reactions* in ≥10% of Patients Treated with BREYANZI in 
the TRANSCEND-MCL Cohort (N=88) 
Adverse Reaction Any Grade (%) Grade 3 or Higher (%)
Metabolism and nutrition disorders
 Decreased appetite 21 4.5
Musculoskeletal and connective tissue disorders
 Musculoskeletal pain h38 2.3
Nervous system disorders
 Encephalopathy i30 9
 Headache 23 0
 Dizziness j11 2.3
 Motor dysfunction k11 0
 Tremor 11 0
Psychiatric disorders
 Insomnia l14 0
 Anxiety 13 1.1
Renal and urinary disorders
 Renal failure m15 0
Respiratory, thoracic, and mediastinal disorders
 Dyspnea n11 0
 Cough 10 0
Skin and subcutaneous tissue disorders
 Rash o11 1.1
Vascular disorders
 Hypotension p15 0
 Hemorrhage q10 0
 Hypertension 10 3.4
* Includes adverse reactions up to 90 days following treatment with BREYANZI.  
a Tachycardia includes atrial fibrillation, sinus tachycardia, tachycardia, ventricular 
tachycardia.
b Abdominal pain includes abdominal discomfort, abdominal distension, abdominal pain, 
abdominal pain upper.
c Fatigue includes asthenia, fatigue, malaise.
d Edema includes hypervolemia, localized edema, edema, edema peripheral, peripheral 
swelling, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema.
e Fever includes pyrexia.
f Grouped per high-level grouped term.
g Upper respiratory tract infection includes nasal congestion, rhinitis, rhinorrhea, rhinovirus 
infection, upper respiratory tract infection.
h Musculoskeletal pain includes arthralgia, back pain, bone pain, musculoskeletal pain, 
myalgia, neck pain, pain in extremity.
i Encephalopathy includes confusional state, depressed level of consciousness, 
encephalopathy, lethargy, memory impairment, mental status changes, somnolence.
j Dizziness includes dizziness, dizziness postural, syncope, vertigo.
k Motor dysfunction includes fine motor skill dysfunction, muscle spasms, muscle tightness, 
muscular weakness. 
l Insomnia includes insomnia, sleep disorder.
m Renal failure includes acute kidney injury, blood creatinine increased.
n Dyspnea includes dyspnea, tachypnea, wheezing.
o Rash includes dermatitis contact, rash, rash erythematous, rash macular, rash maculo-
papular, rash pruritic.
p Hypotension includes hypotension, orthostatic hypotension.
q Hemorrhage includes catheter site hemorrhage, epistaxis, hematoma, hematuria, 
hemorrhage, hemorrhoidal hemorrhage, rectal hemorrhage.
Other clinically important adverse reactions in <10% of patients included the following:
• Blood and lymphatic system disorders:  Febrile neutropenia (6%).
• Cardiac disorders:  Arrhythmia (2.3%).
• Eye disorders:  Vision blurred (3.4%).
• Gastrointestinal disorders:  Vomiting (6%). 
• Infections and infestations:  Bacterial infection (9%), viral infection (9%), fungal 
infection (8%), urinary tract infection (6%), sepsis (3.4%), pneumonia (2.3%).
• Injury, poisoning and procedural complications:  Infusion related reaction (4.5%).
• Metabolism and nutrition disorders:  Tumor lysis syndrome (2.3%).
• Nervous system disorders:  Neuropathy peripheral (9%), aphasia (8%), ataxia 
(4.5%), cerebral infarction (1.1%), seizure (1.1%).
• Psychiatric disorders:  Delirium (7%).
• Respiratory, thoracic, and mediastinal disorders:  Hypoxia (3.4%).
• Vascular disorder:  Thrombosis (4.5%).(Continued)BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel) BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel)Table 15: Grade 3 or 4 Laboratory Abnormalities* Occurring in ≥10% of 
Patients Treated with BREYANZI in the TRANSCEND-MCL Cohort
Laboratory Abnormality aGrade 3 or 4 (%) b
Lymphocyte count decreased 89
Neutrophil count decreased 85
White blood cell decreased 83
Platelet count decreased 39
Hemoglobin decreased 33
Uric acid increased 10
Sodium decreased 10
* Includes lab abnormalities up to 90 days following treatment with BREYANZI. 
a Baseline lab values were assessed prior to lymphodepleting chemotherapy.
b The denominator ranged from 87 to 88 for laboratory measurements, based on the number 
of patients with a baseline value and at least one post-treatment value for the particular lab.
Grade 4 laboratory abnormalities in ≥10% of patients were lymphocyte count decreased 
(84%), neutrophil count decreased (52%), white blood cell decreased (52%), and platelet 
count decreased (22%).
6.2 Postmarketing Experience
Because adverse events to marketed products are reported voluntarily from a population 
of uncertain size, it is not always possible to reliably estimate their frequency or establish 
a causal relationship to product exposure.
The following adverse events have been identified during postmarketing use of BREYANZI.
Nervous System Disorder: Immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome  
(ICANS).
Neoplasms: T cell malignancies
7 DRUG INTERACTIONS
7.1 Drug-Laboratory Test Interactions
HIV and the lentivirus used to make BREYANZI have limited, short spans of identical 
genetic material (RNA). Therefore, some commercial HIV nucleic acid tests may yield 
false-positive results in patients who have received BREYANZI.
8 USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONS
8.1 Pregnancy
Risk Summary
There are no available data with BREYANZI use in pregnant women. No animal 
reproductive and developmental toxicity studies have been conducted with BREYANZI to 
assess whether it can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman.
It is not known if BREYANZI has the potential to be transferred to the fetus. Based on 
the mechanism of action, if the transduced cells cross the placenta, they may cause 
fetal toxicity, including B-cell lymphocytopenia and hypogammaglobulinemia. Therefore, 
BREYANZI is not recommended for women who are pregnant, and pregnancy after 
BREYANZI infusion should be discussed with the treating physician.
In the U.S. general population, the estimated background risk of major birth defects and  
miscarriage in clinically recognized pregnancies is 2% to 4% and 15% to 20%, respectively.
8.2 Lactation
Risk Summary
There is no information regarding the presence of BREYANZI in human milk, the effect on 
the breastfed infant, and the effects on milk production. The developmental and health 
benefits of breastfeeding should be considered along with the mother’s clinical need for 
BREYANZI and any potential adverse effects on the breastfed infant from BREYANZI or 
from the underlying maternal condition.
8.3 Females and Males of Reproductive Potential
Pregnancy Testing
Pregnancy status of females with reproductive potential should be verified. Sexually active 
females of reproductive potential should have a pregnancy test prior to starting treatment 
with BREYANZI.
Contraception
See the prescribing information for fludarabine and cyclophosphamide for information 
on the need for effective contraception in patients who receive lymphodepleting 
chemotherapy.
There are insufficient exposure data to provide a recommendation concerning duration of 
contraception following treatment with BREYANZI.
Infertility
There are no data on the effects of BREYANZI on fertility.8.4 Pediatric Use
The safety and efficacy of BREYANZI have not been established in pediatric patients.
8.5 Geriatric Use
In clinical trials of BREYANZI, 111 (41%) of 268 patients with two or more prior lines of 
therapy for LBCL, and 89 (59%) of 150 patients with one prior line of therapy for LBCL, 
were 65 years of age or older; 27 (10%) and 28 (19%) were 75 years of age or older, 
respectively. In patients with CLL/SLL, 51 (57%) of 89 were 65 years of age or older, and 
9 (10%) were 75 years of age or older. In patients with FL, 42 (39%) of 107 were 65 years 
of age or older, and 10 (9%) were 75 years of age or older. In patients with MCL, 64 (73%) 
of 88 patients were 65 years of age or older, and 18 (21%) were 75 years of age or older. 
No clinically important differences in safety or effectiveness of BREYANZI were observed 
between patients aged ≥65 and younger patients.
11 DESCRIPTION
BREYANZI (lisocabtagene maraleucel) is a CD19-directed genetically modified autologous 
T cell immunotherapy administered as a defined composition of CAR-positive viable 
T cells (consisting of CD8 and CD4 components). The CAR is comprised of the FMC63 
monoclonal antibody-derived single-chain variable fragment (scFv), IgG4 hinge region, 
CD28 transmembrane domain, 4-1BB (CD137) costimulatory domain, and CD3 zeta 
activation domain. In addition, BREYANZI includes a nonfunctional truncated epidermal 
growth factor receptor (EGFRt) that is co-expressed on the cell surface with the 
CD19-specific CAR.
BREYANZI is a T cell product. BREYANZI is prepared from the patient’s T cells, which 
are obtained via a standard leukapheresis procedure. The purified CD8-positive and  
CD4-positive T cells are separately activated and transduced with the replication-  
incompetent lentiviral vector containing the anti-CD19 CAR transgene. The transduced 
T cells are expanded in cell culture, washed, formulated into a suspension, and 
cryopreserved as separate CD8 and CD4 component vials that together constitute a single 
dose of BREYANZI. The product must pass a sterility test before release for shipping as a 
frozen suspension in patient-specific vials. The product is thawed prior to administration 
[see Dosage and Administration (2.2) and How Supplied/Storage and Handling (16)].
The BREYANZI formulation contains 75% (v/v) Cryostor® CS10 [containing 7.5% 
dimethylsulfoxide (v/v)], 24% (v/v) Multiple Electrolytes for Injection, Type 1, 1% (v/v) of 
25% albumin (human).
12 CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY
12.1 Mechanism of Action
BREYANZI is a CD19-directed genetically modified autologous cell immunotherapy 
administered as a defined composition to reduce variability in CD8-positive and 
CD4-positive T cell dose. The CAR is comprised of an FMC63 monoclonal antibody-
derived single chain variable fragment (scFv), IgG4 hinge region, CD28 transmembrane 
domain, 4-1BB (CD137) costimulatory domain, and CD3 zeta activation domain. CD3 zeta 
signaling is critical for initiating activation and antitumor activity, while 4-1BB (CD137) 
signaling enhances the expansion and persistence of BREYANZI.
CAR binding to CD19 expressed on the cell surface of tumor and normal B cells induces 
activation and proliferation of CAR T cells, release of pro-inflammatory cytokines, and 
cytotoxic killing of target cells.
12.2 Pharmacodynamics
Following BREYANZI infusion, pharmacodynamic responses were evaluated over 
a 4-week period by measuring transient elevation of soluble biomarkers such as 
cytokines, chemokines, and other molecules. Peak elevation of soluble biomarkers was 
observed within the first 14 days after BREYANZI infusion and returned to baseline levels 
within 28 days.
B-cell aplasia, defined as CD19 + B cells comprising less than 3% of peripheral blood 
lymphocytes, is an on-target effect of BREYANZI. B-cell aplasia was observed in the 
majority of patients for up to 1 year following BREYANZI infusion.
12.3 Pharmacokinetics
Following infusion, BREYANZI exhibited an initial expansion followed by a bi-exponential  
decline.
Relapsed or Refractory LBCL
The median time of maximal expansion in peripheral blood occurred 10-12 days 
after infusion. BREYANZI was present in peripheral blood for an estimated median of 
12.1 months (range: 0.1+ to 24.2+ months).
Among patients who received two or more prior lines of therapy for LBCL (TRANSCEND), 
responders (N=135) had a 2.3-fold higher median C max than nonresponders (N=37) 
(35,335 vs. 15,527 copies/µg). Responders had a 1.8-fold higher median AUC 0-28d than 
nonresponders (273,552 vs. 155,240 day*copies/µg).
Patients <65 years old (N=142) had a 3.1-fold and 2.3-fold higher median C max and 
AUC 0-28d, respectively, compared to patients ≥65 years old (N=96). Sex, race, ethnicity, 
and body weight did not show clear relationships to C max and AUC 0-28d.
Relapsed or Refractory CLL/SLL
The median time of maximal expansion in peripheral blood occurred 14 days after 
infusion. BREYANZI was present in peripheral blood for an estimated median of 
12.0 months (range: 0.1+ to 30.1+ months).BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel) BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel)Among patients who received prior therapy for CLL/SLL (TRANSCEND-CLL), responders 
(N=27) had a 2.0-fold higher median C max than nonresponders (N=25) (99,559 vs.  
48,948 copies/µg). Responders had a 1.9-fold higher median AUC 0-28d than nonresponders 
(793,893 vs. 408,307 day*copies/µg).
Relapsed or Refractory FL
The median time of maximal expansion in peripheral blood occurred 10 days after 
infusion. Median C max and AUC 0-28d are 30,530 copies/µg and 253,400 day*copies/µg,  
respectively. BREYANZI was present in peripheral blood for an estimated median of 
12.0 months (range: 0.3+ to 24.0+ months).
Relapsed or Refractory MCL
The median time of maximal expansion in peripheral blood occurred 10 days after 
infusion. Median C max and AUC 0-28d were 30,968 copies/µg and 375,006 day*copies/µg,  
respectively. BREYANZI was present in peripheral blood for an estimated median of 
17.9 months (range: 0.1+ to 24.2+ months).
Patients receiving medications for CRS and/or neurologic toxicities
In general, patients with higher CAR-T cell expansion tended to have higher rates of 
CRS and neurologic toxicities. Some patients required tocilizumab and/or corticosteroids 
for the management of CRS or neurologic toxicities [see Dosage and Administration 
(2.3)]. BREYANZI continued to expand and persist in patients who received tocilizumab 
and/or corticosteroids treatment. In TRANSCEND, patients treated with tocilizumab 
(N=49) had a 3.6-fold and 3.7-fold higher median C max and AUC 0-28d of BREYANZI, 
respectively, compared to patients who did not receive tocilizumab (N=189). Similarly, 
patients who received corticosteroids (N=50) had a 3.8-fold and 3.7-fold higher median 
Cmax and AUC 0-28d of BREYANZI, respectively, compared to patients who did not receive 
corticosteroids (N=188).
12.6 Immunogenicity
BREYANZI has the potential to induce anti-product antibodies. The immunogenicity of 
BREYANZI has been evaluated using an electrochemiluminescence (ECL) immunoassay 
for the detection of binding antibodies against the extracellular CD19-binding domain 
of BREYANZI. Pre-existing anti-product antibodies were detected in 11% (28/261)  
in TRANSCEND, 1% (1/89) in TRANSFORM, 0% (0/51) in PILOT, 2% (2/86) in 
TRANSCEND-CLL, 2% (2/102) in TRANSCEND-FL, and 13% (11/87) in TRANSCEND-MCL 
Cohort of patients. Treatment-induced or treatment-boosted anti-product antibodies  
were detected in 11% (27/257) in TRANSCEND, 1% (1/89) in TRANSFORM, 2% (1/49) in 
PILOT, 7% (6/84) in TRANSCEND-CLL, 18% (18/100) in TRANSCEND-FL, and 18% (15/85) 
in TRANSCEND-MCL Cohort of patients. Due to the small number of patients who had  
anti-product antibodies, the relationship between anti-product antibody status and 
efficacy, safety, or pharmacokinetics was not conclusive.
13 NONCLINICAL TOXICOLOGY
13.1 Carcinogenesis, Mutagenesis, Impairment of Fertility
No carcinogenicity or genotoxicity studies have been conducted with BREYANZI.  
No studies have been conducted to evaluate the effects of BREYANZI on fertility.  
In vitro studies with BREYANZI manufactured from healthy donors and patients showed 
no evidence for transformation and/or immortalization and no preferential integration  
near genes associated with oncogenic transformation.
14 CLINICAL STUDIES
14.1 Relapsed or Refractory Large B-Cell Lymphoma
Relapsed or Refractory LBCL After One Line of Therapy
TRANSFORM
A randomized, open-label, multicenter trial evaluated the efficacy of BREYANZI in 
adult patients with relapsed or refractory LBCL after first-line chemoimmunotherapy 
(TRANSFORM; NCT03575351). Patients had not yet received treatment for relapsed or 
refractory lymphoma, were potential candidates for autologous HSCT, and were required 
to have primary refractory disease or relapse within 12 months from complete response 
(CR) to initial chemoimmunotherapy. Eligibility criteria required adequate organ function 
and blood counts for HSCT.
In total, 184 patients were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive a single infusion of 
BREYANZI (planned dose, 100 × 106  CAR-positive viable T cells) or to receive standard 
therapy consisting of 3 cycles of chemoimmunotherapy followed by high-dose therapy 
and autologous HSCT in patients who attained CR or PR. All patients underwent 
leukapheresis prior to randomization.
Patients randomized to BREYANZI were to receive lymphodepleting chemotherapy 
consisting of fludarabine 30 mg/m2/day and cyclophosphamide 300 mg/m2/day 
concurrently for 3 days followed by BREYANZI infusion 2 to 7 days after completion 
of lymphodepleting chemotherapy. Bridging chemotherapy was permitted between 
leukapheresis and the start of lymphodepleting chemotherapy. BREYANZI was 
administered in the inpatient (79%) and outpatient (21%) setting.
In the overall study population, the median age was 59 years (range: 20 to 75 years), 57% 
were male, 59% were White, 10% were Asian, and 4% were Black. Diagnoses included 
de novo DLBCL NOS (55%), high-grade B-cell lymphoma (23%), primary mediastinal 
large B-cell lymphoma (10%), and DLBCL arising from indolent lymphoma (8%). Of these 
patients, 73% had primary refractory disease to last therapy and 27% had relapsed 
disease within 12 months of achieving CR to first-line therapy.Of 92 patients randomized to receive BREYANZI, 89 (97%) received BREYANZI. The median 
time from leukapheresis to product availability was 26 days (range: 19 to 84 days), 
and the median time from leukapheresis to product infusion was 36 days (range:  
25 to 91 days). Fifty-eight (63%) patients received bridging therapy. One patient received 
a nonconforming product (manufacturing failure; 1.1%).
Of the 92 patients randomized to receive standard therapy, 91 started treatment and  
43 (47%) received high-dose therapy and HSCT. The most common reason for not 
receiving HSCT was lack of efficacy of the salvage chemotherapy.
The primary efficacy measure was event-free survival (EFS) as determined by an 
independent review committee (IRC). Other efficacy measures included progression-free 
survival. Efficacy is summarized in Table 16 and Figure 1. The estimated 1-year EFS was 
45% [95% CI: 29, 59] in the BREYANZI arm and 24% [95% CI: 14, 35] in the standard 
therapy arm.
Of the 92 patients in the BREYANZI arm, the estimated median duration of response (DOR) 
was not reached (95% CI: 7.9 months, NR) in patients who achieved CR (N=61) and 
2.3 months (95% CI: 2.1, NR) in patients who achieved a best response of PR (N=18).
An interim analysis of overall survival was conducted at the time of the primary EFS 
analysis. The interim analysis of overall survival did not meet the criteria for statistical 
significance. Forty-six patients randomized to the standard therapy arm (50%) subsequently  
received BREYANZI on protocol.
Table 16: Efficacy Results in Patients with Relapsed or Refractory LBCL 
(TRANSFORM Study)
Outcome a
BREYANZI Arm  
(N=92)Standard  
Therapy Arm  
(N=92)
Event-Free Survival b
 Number of events, n (%) 35 (38) 63 (69)
 Median, months [95% CI] c10.1 [6.1, NR] 2.3 [2.2, 4.3]
 Hazard ratio [95% CI] d0.34 [0.22, 0.52]
 One-sided p-value <0.0001 f
Complete Response Rate, % [95% CI] 66 [56, 76] 39 [29, 50]
 Difference in CR rate, % [95% CI] 27 [12, 41]
 One-sided p-value e<0.0001 f
Progression-Free Survival
 Number of events, n (%) 28 (30) 43 (47)
 Median, months [95% CI] c14.8 [6.6, NR] 5.7 [3.9, 9.4]
 Hazard ratio [95% CI] d0.41 [0.25, 0.66]
 One-sided p-value 0.0001 f
NR = not reached; CI = confidence interval.
a Per the Lugano criteria, as assessed by an IRC.
b EFS is defined as time from randomization to the earliest date of disease progression or 
relapse, death from any cause, failure to achieve CR or PR by 9 weeks post-randomization, 
or start of new lymphoma therapy due to efficacy concerns.
c Kaplan-Meier estimate.
d Based on a stratified Cox proportional hazards model. For all stratified analyses, stratification 
was based on response to first-line therapy (primary refractory vs relapsed) and second-line 
age-adjusted International Prognostic Index.
e Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel test.
f p-value is compared with 0.012 of the allocated alpha for this pre-specified interim analysis.BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel) BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel)Figure 1: Kaplan-Meier Plot of IRC-Assessed Event-Free Survival 
(Intention-to-Treat Analysis)
BREYANZI
Standard
TherapyEvent Free Sur vival Probability
Time (Months) From Randomization
92Number at Risk
0Standard
Therapy 83663532232116161211106444 42 2
92 BREYANZI 89866662433627262119179976 6400.00.10.20.30.40.50.60.70.80.91.0
1234567 1098 11121314151617 1918 0
PILOT
The efficacy of BREYANZI was evaluated in a single-arm, open-label, multicenter trial 
(PILOT; NCT03483103) in transplant-ineligible patients with relapsed or refractory 
LBCL after one line of chemoimmunotherapy. The study enrolled patients who were 
not eligible for high-dose therapy and autologous HSCT due to organ function or age, 
while also having adequate organ function for CAR-T cell therapy. The study required 
at least one of the following criteria: age ≥70 years, adjusted diffusing capacity of the 
lung for carbon monoxide (DLCO) ≤60%; LVEF <50%; creatinine clearance <60mL/min;  
AST or ALT greater than 2 × ULN, or ECOG performance status of 2. The planned dose of 
BREYANZI was 100 × 106  CAR-positive viable T cells. Bridging therapy for disease control 
was permitted between leukapheresis and the start of lymphodepleting chemotherapy.  
Of the 61 patients treated with BREYANZI, 32 (53%) received bridging therapy. 
BREYANZI was administered 2 to 7 days following completion of lymphodepleting 
chemotherapy. The lymphodepleting chemotherapy regimen consisted of fludarabine 
30 mg/m2/day and cyclophosphamide 300 mg/m2/day concurrently for 3 days. BREYANZI 
was administered in the inpatient (67%) and outpatient (33%) setting.
Of 74 patients who underwent leukapheresis, 61 (82%) received BREYANZI and comprise 
the main efficacy population; 1 (1.4%) received CAR-positive T cells that did not meet the 
product specifications for BREYANZI (manufacturing failure); and 12 (16%) did not receive 
CAR-positive T cells for other reasons.
Of the 61 patients who received BREYANZI, the median age was 74 years (range: 53 
to 84 years), 61% were male, 89% were White, 3% were Asian, and 2% were Black. 
Diagnoses included de novo DLBCL NOS (51%), high-grade B-cell lymphoma (33%), 
and DLBCL arising from follicular lymphoma (15%). Of these patients, 53% had primary 
refractory disease, 23% had relapse within 12 months of completing first-line therapy, 
and 25% had relapse >12 months after first-line therapy.
Efficacy was based on CR rate and DOR, as determined by an independent review 
committee (IRC) using 2014 Lugano criteria (Tables 17 and 18). The median time to CR 
was 1 month (range 0.8 to 6.9 months).
Table 17: Response Rate in Relapsed or Refractory LBCL (PILOT Study)
Outcome aBREYANZI-Treated  
(N=61)All Leukapheresed Patients  
(N=74)
Overall Response, n (%) 49 (80%) 50 (68%)
[95% CI] b[68%, 89%] [56%, 78%]
 Complete Response 33 (54%) 34 (46%)
  [95% CI] [41%, 67%] [34%, 58%]
 Partial Response 16 (26%) 16 (22%)
  [95% CI] [16%, 39%] [13%, 33%]
CI = confidence interval; NR = Not reached.  
a Per the Lugano criteria, as assessed by an IRC.
b 2-sided 95% exact Clopper-Pearson confidence intervals.Table 18: Duration of Response in the PILOT Study
Outcome aBREYANZI-Treated   
(N=61)
Number of Responders 49
DOR
Median [95% CI], months b11.2 [5.1, NR]
Range, months  0.0+ to 22.8+
DOR if Best Response is CR  
Median [95% CI], months NR [11.2, NR]
Range, months  2.0+ to 22.8+
Rate at 6 months [95% CI] c 83% [64, 93]
Rate at 12 months [95% CI] c 68% [45, 83]
DOR if Best Response is PR
Median [95% CI], months 2.1 [1.4, 2.3]
Range, months  0.0+ to 7.9
Rate at 6 months [95% CI] c 8.2% [0.5, 30.5]
DOR = duration of response; CI = confidence interval; CR = complete response;  
PR = partial response; NR = not reached.
a Per the Lugano criteria, as assessed by an IRC.
b Kaplan-Meier method is used to obtain 2-sided 95% confidence intervals.
c Kaplan-Meier estimate.
+ Indicates a censored value.
Relapsed or Refractory LBCL After Two or More Lines of Therapy
TRANSCEND
The efficacy of BREYANZI was evaluated in an open-label, multicenter, single-arm trial 
(TRANSCEND; NCT02631044) in adult patients with relapsed or refractory large B-cell 
non-Hodgkin lymphoma after at least 2 lines of therapy. The study included patients with 
ECOG performance status ≤2, prior autologous and/or allogeneic HSCT, and secondary 
CNS lymphoma involvement. The study excluded patients with a creatinine clearance of 
less than 30 mL/min, ALT >5 times the ULN, or LVEF <40%. There was no prespecified 
threshold for blood counts; patients were eligible to enroll if they were assessed by 
the investigator to have adequate bone marrow function to receive lymphodepleting 
chemotherapy. Bridging therapy for disease control was permitted between apheresis 
and the start of lymphodepleting chemotherapy, including intrathecal chemotherapy or 
radiation therapy for treatment of CNS involvement with lymphoma.
BREYANZI was administered 2 to 7 days following completion of lymphodepleting 
chemotherapy. The lymphodepleting chemotherapy regimen consisted of fludarabine 
30 mg/m2/day and cyclophosphamide 300 mg/m2/day concurrently for 3 days. BREYANZI 
was administered in the inpatient and outpatient setting.
Of 299 patients who underwent leukapheresis for whom BREYANZI was manufactured in 
the dose range of 50 to 110 × 106  CAR-positive viable T cells:
• 44 (15%) did not receive CAR-positive T cells either due to manufacturing failures 
(n=2), death (n=29), disease complications (n=6), or other reasons (n=7).
• 204 (68%) received BREYANZI in the intended dose range, of whom 192 were 
evaluable for efficacy (main efficacy population); 12 were not evaluable due to 
absence of PET positive disease at study baseline or after bridging therapy.
• 51 (17%) either received BREYANZI outside of the intended dose range (n=26) 
or received CAR-positive T cells that did not meet the product specifications for 
BREYANZI (manufacturing failures; n=25).
Of the 192 patients in the main efficacy population, the median age was 63 years (range: 
18 to 86 years), 69% were male, 84% were White, 6% were Black, and 4.7% were Asian. 
The median number of prior therapies was 3 (range: 1 to 8). Diagnoses were de novo 
DLBCL (53%), DLBCL transformed from indolent lymphoma (25%), high-grade B-cell 
lymphoma (14%), primary mediastinal large B-cell lymphoma (7%), follicular lymphoma, 
grade 3B (1.0%). Of these patients, 64% had disease refractory to last therapy, 53% had 
primary refractory disease, 37% had prior HSCT and 2.6% had CNS involvement.
Efficacy was based on CR rate and DOR, as determined by an IRC using 2014 Lugano 
criteria (Tables 19 and 20). The median time to first response (CR or partial response [PR]) 
was 1.0 month (range: 0.7 to 8.9 months). The median time to first CR was 1.0 month 
(range 0.8 to 12.5 months). Of the 104 patients who achieved CR, 23 initially had stable 
disease (6 patients) or PR (17 patients), with a median time to improvement of 2.2 months 
(range: 0.7 to 11.6 months).BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel) BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel)Table 19: Response Rate in Main Efficacy Population (TRANSCEND Study)
BREYANZI-Treated  
N=192
Overall Response Rate a, n 141 (73%)
[95% CI] [67%, 80%]
Complete Response, n 104 (54%)
[95% CI] [47%, 61%]
Partial Response, n 37 (19%)
[95% CI] [14%, 26%]
CI = confidence interval.
a Per the Lugano criteria, as assessed by an IRC.
Table 20: Duration of Response in the TRANSCEND Study
BREYANZI-Treated a 
N=192
Number of Responders 141
DOR (Months)
Median [95% CI] b16.7 [5.3, NR]
Range 0.0+ to 23.5+
DOR if Best Response is CR (Months)
Median [95% CI] NR [16.7, NR]
Range  0.7+ to 23.5+
DOR if Best Response is PR (Months)
Median [95% CI] 1.4 [1.1, 2.2]
Range  0.0+ to 22.8+
DOR = duration of response; CI = confidence interval; CR = complete response;  
PR = partial response; NR = not reached.
a Evaluable for efficacy.
b KM method was used to obtain 2-sided 95% confidence intervals.
+ Indicates a censored value.
Response durations were longer in patients who achieved a CR, as compared to patients 
with a best response of PR (Table 20). Of the 104 patients who achieved CR, 68 (65%) had 
remission lasting at least 6 months and 64 (62%) had remission lasting at least 9 months.
Of the 287 patients who underwent leukapheresis and had radiographically evaluable 
disease, 27 additional patients achieved a response, apart from the responses noted 
in Table 19. The IRC-assessed overall response rate in the leukapheresed population 
(n=287) was 59% (95% CI: 53, 64), with a CR rate of 43% (95% CI: 37, 49) and PR rate 
of 15% (95% CI: 11, 20). These efficacy results include responses that may have been 
contributed solely by bridging therapy, responses after receipt of product outside of the 
intended dose range, and responses to product that did not meet release specifications.
14.2 Relapsed or Refractory Chronic Lymphocytic Lymphoma or Small 
Lymphocytic Lymphoma
TRANSCEND-CLL
The efficacy of BREYANZI was evaluated in a phase 1/2, open-label, multicenter, single-arm  
trial (TRANSCEND-CLL; NCT03331198) in adult patients with R/R CLL or SLL who had 
received at least 2 prior lines of therapy including a BTK inhibitor and a BCL-2 inhibitor. 
Patients with del(17p), complex karyotype, and unmutated immunoglobulin heavy chain 
variable region (IGHV) were included in the study. The study enrolled patients with ECOG 
performance status of ≤1. The study excluded patients with a creatinine clearance of less 
than 30 mL/min, ALT >5 times the ULN (except for subjects with leukemic infiltration 
of the liver), or LVEF <40%. There was no prespecified threshold for blood counts; 
patients were eligible to enroll if they were assessed by the investigator to have adequate 
bone marrow function to receive lymphodepleting chemotherapy. The planned dose of 
BREYANZI was 100 × 106  CAR-positive viable T cells. Bridging therapy for disease control 
was permitted between apheresis and the start of lymphodepleting chemotherapy.
Of the 89 patients, BREYANZI was administered 2 to 11 days following completion of 
lymphodepleting chemotherapy. The lymphodepleting chemotherapy regimen consisted 
of fludarabine 30 mg/m2/day and cyclophosphamide 300 mg/m2/day concurrently for 
3 days. BREYANZI was administered in the inpatient (88%) and outpatient (12%) settings.
Of 113 patients who underwent leukapheresis, 94 received BREYANZI. Of the 94, 84 received  
BREYANZI at 90 to 111 × 106  CAR-positive T cells and 10 received a cell-dose outside 
of this dose range; 3 received CAR-positive T cells that did not meet the product 
specifications for BREYANZI (manufacturing failure); and 16 other patients did not receive 
BREYANZI for other reasons.
The median time from leukapheresis to product availability was 24 days (range: 19 to 
84 days), and the median time from leukapheresis to product infusion was 36 days 
(range: 28 to 384 days). Of the 89 patients treated with BREYANZI, 69 (78%) received 
bridging therapy.
Patients had measurable disease present before BREYANZI administration based on IRC 
assessment. Nineteen of 84 patients were not evaluable for efficacy (13 patients did 
not have baseline disease assessments performed after completion of bridging therapy,  1 patient lacked measurable disease, and 5 had Richter’s transformation). Of the  
65 efficacy-evaluable patients, the median age was 66 years (range: 49 to 82 years),  
68% were male, 80% were White, 3% were Black, 1% were Asian. Two-percent were 
Hispanic and 89% were non-Hispanic. Eighty-three percent of patients had at least one 
high risk genetic attribute including 43% del(17p), 45% TP53 mutation, 45% unmutated 
IGHV, and 62% with complex karyotype. Fifty-one percent of the patients had bulky 
disease. The median number of prior therapies was 5 (range: 2 to 12). All 65 patients 
were exposed to a BTK inhibitor, of which 88% were refractory, 1.5% were relapsed, and  
11% were intolerant. Of 65 patients who received a BCL-2 inhibitor, 92% were refractory, 
none relapsed, and 6% were intolerant. A total of 83% had disease refractory to 
last therapy.
Efficacy was based on ORR (including CR and PR) and DOR as determined by an IRC using 
2018 International Workshop CLL (iwCLL) criteria (Tables 21 and 22). The median time to 
first response (CR or PR) was 1.1 months (range: 0.8 to 17.4 months). The median time to 
first CR was 3.0 months (range 1.1 to 17.9 months).
Table 21: Response Rate in Relapsed or Refractory CLL/SLL (TRANSCEND-CLL 
Study) 
Outcome BREYANZI Treated  
(N=65)All Leukapheresed Patients  
(N=113)
Overall Response Rate a, n (%) 29 (45) 42 (37)
[95% CI] b[32.3, 57.5] [28.3, 46.8]
Complete Response a, n (%) 13 (20) 16 (14)
[95% CI] b[11.1, 31.8] [8.3, 22.0]
Partial Response a, n (%) 16 (25) 26 (23)
[95% CI] b[14.8, 36.9] [15.6, 31.9]
CI=confidence interval; iwCLL=international workshop on chronic lymphocytic leukemia; 
IRC=independent review committee.
a Per the 2018 iwCLL criteria, as assessed by IRC.
b 2-sided 95% exact Clopper-Pearson CIs.
Table 22: Duration of Response in the TRANSCEND-CLL Study
BREYANZI-Treated  
N=65
Number of Responders 29
DOR a (months)
Median [95% CI] b35.3 [12.4, NR]
Range 2.0+, 35.3
DOR if Best Response is CR a (months) N=13
Median [95% CI] bNR [15.0, NR]
Range 2.0+, 30.0+
Rate at 12 months (%) [95% CI] b100 [NR, NR]
Rate at 18 months (%) [95% CI] b87.5 [38.7, 98.1]
DOR if Best Response is PR a (months) N=16
Median [95% CI] b12.4 [8.9, NR]
Range 4.1, 35.3
Rate at 12 months (%) [95% CI] b60.3 [32.0, 79.8]
Rate at 18 months (%) [95% CI] b46.9 [21.4, 68.9]
CI=confidence interval; NR=not reached.
a Per the 2018 iwCLL criteria, as assessed by IRC.
b Kaplan-Meier method was used to obtain 2-sided 95% CIs.
+ Indicates a censored value.
Minimal residual disease (MRD) negative status was defined as less than one CLL cell per 
104  leukocytes using ClonoSEQ, a next generation sequencing assay (NGS) at any time 
post infusion (MRD-negativity rate). There was no statistical testing of MRD-negativity 
rate. In patients who achieved CR, the MRD-negativity rate was 100% (13/13, 95% CI: 
75.3, 100) in peripheral blood and 92.3% (12/13, 95% CI: 64, 99.8) in the bone marrow.
14.3 Relapsed or Refractory Follicular Lymphoma
TRANSCEND-FL
The efficacy of BREYANZI was evaluated in a Phase 2, open-label, multicenter, single-arm 
trial (TRANSCEND-FL; NCT04245839) in adult patients with relapsed or refractory FL after 
two or more lines of systemic therapy (including an anti-CD20 antibody and an alkylating 
agent). The study enrolled patients with ECOG performance status of ≤1. The study 
excluded patients with a creatinine clearance of ≤30 mL/min, ALT >5 times the ULN, or 
LVEF <40%. There was no prespecified threshold for blood counts; patients were eligible 
to enroll if they were assessed by the investigator to have adequate bone marrow function 
to receive lymphodepleting chemotherapy. The planned dose of BREYANZI was 100 × 106  
CAR-positive viable T cells. Bridging therapy for disease control was permitted between 
apheresis and the start of lymphodepleting chemotherapy.BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel) BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel)A single dose of BREYANZI was administered 2 to 7 days following completion of 
lymphodepleting chemotherapy. The lymphodepleting chemotherapy regimen consisted 
of fludarabine 30 mg/m2/day and cyclophosphamide 300 mg/m2/day concurrently for 
3 days. Six percent of patients were treated with BREYANZI in outpatient setting.
Of 114 patients who underwent leukapheresis, 107 received BREYANZI and the median 
dose administered was 100.02 x 106  CAR-positive viable T-cells (range: 93.4 to 109.2 x 106   
CAR-positive viable T cells).The primary efficacy analysis included 94 patients who had 
PET-positive disease at study baseline or confirmation of PET-positive disease after 
bridging therapy, received conforming product in intended dose range and had at least 
9 months of follow up from the date of first response.
The median time from leukapheresis to product availability was 29 days (range: 20 to 
55 days), and the median time from leukapheresis to product infusion was 50 days 
(range: 31 to 313 days). Of the 107 patients treated with BREYANZI, 40 (40%) received 
bridging therapy.
The median age was 63 years (range: 23 to 80 years), 62% were male, ECOG performance 
status was 0 in 63% and 1 in 37% of patients; 55% were White, 3% were Black,  
9% were Asian; 5% were Hispanic and 69% were non-Hispanic. The median number of 
prior systemic therapies was 3 (range: 2 to 10), with 46% receiving 2 prior lines, 22% 
receiving 3 prior lines and 32% receiving ≥4 prior lines. Twenty percent had received 
rituximab with lenalidomide, 25% had received a PI3K inhibitor, and 29% of patients had 
prior autologous HSCT. Eighty-nine percentage patients had Stage III-IV disease at study 
entry, 29% had bulky disease, 64% had progression within 6 months of the most recent 
regimen, and 50% had progression within 24 months of initial diagnosis (POD24).
Efficacy was based on ORR, defined as the percentage of patients with a best overall 
response (BOR) of CR or PR after BREYANZI infusion and duration of response as 
determined by an IRC (Tables 23 and 24). The median time to first response (CR or PR) 
was 1.0 month (range: 0.6 to 3.3 months). The median time to first CR was 3.0 months 
(range 0.6 to 18.0 months).
Table 23: Response Rate in Patients with Relapsed or Refractory FL
BREYANZI-Treated a 
(N=94)All Leukapheresed Patients  
(N=114)
Overall Response Rate b, n (%) 90 (95.7) 105 (92.1)
[95% CI] c[89.5, 98.8] [85.5, 96.3]
 Complete Response d, n (%) 69 (73.4) 78 (68.4)
 [95% CI]  [63.3, 82.0] [59.1, 76.8]
 Partial Response, n (%) 21 (22.3) 27 (23.7)
 [95% CI] [14.4, 32.1] [16.2, 32.6]
CI=confidence interval.
a Evaluable for efficacy.
b Per the Lugano criteria, as assessed by an IRC.
c Two-sided 95% confidence interval based on exact Clopper-Pearson method.
d CR required a negative bone marrow biopsy after treatment in patients who did not have a 
negative bone marrow biopsy between their most recent disease progression and prior to 
initiation of lymphodepleting chemotherapy.
Table 24: Duration of Response a in Patients with Relapsed or Refractory FL  
BREYANZI Treated b 
N=94
Number of Responders 90 
DOR   (months)
Median [95% CI] cNR (18.0, NR)
Range 1.9, 23.1+
 Rate at 12 months, (%) [95% CI] d80.9 (71.0, 87.7)
 Rate at 18 months, (%) [95% CI] d77.1 (65.9, 85.0)
DOR if Best Response is CR   (months) N=69
Median [95% CI] cNR [NR, NR] 
Range 2.8, 23.1+ 
 Rate at 12 months, (%) [95% CI] d88.2 (77.7, 93.9)
 Rate at 18 months, (%) [95% CI] d83.1 (70.0, 90.9)
DOR if Best Response is PR   (months) N=21
Median [95% CI] c18.04 [4.17, NR]
Range 1.9, 22.4+
 Rate at 12 months, (%) [95% CI] d56.7 (33.3, 74.7)
 Rate at 18 months, (%) [95% CI] d56.7 (33.3, 74.7)
DOR=duration of response; CI=confidence interval; CR=complete response; PR=partial  
response; NR=not reached.
a Median follow-up for DOR is 16.8 months (95% CI: 16.3 to 17.0).
b Evaluable for efficacy. 
c Median [95% CI] are estimated from KM estimates. 
+ Indicates a censored value.
d KM estimate of probability of continued response at the specified month.14.4 Relapsed or Refractory Mantle Cell Lymphoma
TRANSCEND-MCL Cohort
The efficacy of BREYANZI was evaluated in an open-label, multicenter, single-arm trial 
(TRANSCEND-MCL Cohort; NCT02631044) in adult patients with relapsed or refractory 
MCL who had received at least two prior lines of therapy including a BTK inhibitor,  
an alkylating agent, and an anti-CD20 agent. The study included patients with ECOG 
performance status of ≤1, prior autologous and/or allogeneic HSCT, and secondary 
CNS lymphoma involvement. The study excluded patients with a creatinine clearance 
≤30 mL/min, alanine aminotransferase >5 times the upper limit of normal or left 
ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) <40%. There was no prespecified threshold for blood 
counts; patients were eligible to enroll if they were assessed by the investigator to have 
adequate bone marrow function to receive lymphodepleting chemotherapy. The planned 
dose of BREYANZI was 100 × 106  CAR-positive viable T cells. Bridging therapy for disease 
control was permitted between apheresis and the start of lymphodepleting chemotherapy.
BREYANZI was administered 2 to 7 days following completion of lymphodepleting 
chemotherapy. The lymphodepleting chemotherapy regimen consisted of fludarabine 
30 mg/m2/day and cyclophosphamide 300 mg/m2/day concurrently for 3 days. BREYANZI 
was administered in the inpatient (85%) and outpatient (15%) setting.
Of 89 patients who underwent leukapheresis, 71 received BREYANZI and the median 
dose administered was 99.8  x 106  CAR-positive viable T cells (range: 90 to 103 x 106  
CAR-positive viable T cells). The primary efficacy analysis included a total of 68 patients 
with MCL who received at least 2 prior lines of therapy including a BTK inhibitor, had 
PET-positive disease at study baseline or after bridging therapy, received conforming 
product in the intended dose range, and had at least 6 months of follow up from the date 
of first response.
The median time from leukapheresis to product availability was 24 days (range: 17 to 
80 days), and the median time from leukapheresis to product infusion was 36 days 
(range: 28 to 489 days). Of the 68 patients in the main efficacy population, 44 (65%) 
received bridging therapy.
The median age was 69 years (range: 36 to 86 years); 75% were male, ECOG 
performance status was 0 in 57% and 1 in 43% of patients; 87% were White, 1.5% 
were Black, 6% were Asian; 6% were Hispanic and 91% were non-Hispanic. The median 
number of prior therapies was 3 (range: 2 to 11) and 32% had received prior HSCT. 
Twenty-nine percent of patients had blastoid morphology and 10% had CNS lymphoma 
involvement at baseline. Sixty-nine percent of patients had disease refractory to their 
last therapy for MCL, defined as best response of partial response (PR), stable disease 
(SD), or progressive disease (PD) to last systemic or HSCT treatment with curative intent.  
All 68 patients were exposed to BTK inhibitor, of which 56% were refractory, defined as 
any response to prior BTK inhibitor that was less than PR. 
Efficacy was based on ORR, defined as the percentage of patients with BOR of either CR 
or PR after BREYANZI infusion, as determined by an IRC using 2014 Lugano classification. 
Other efficacy measures included complete response rate and DOR, as determined by IRC 
(Tables 25 and Table 26).
Both the median time to first response (CR or PR) and the median time to first CR were 
1 month (range: 0.7 to 3 months).
Table 25: Response Rate in Relapsed or Refractory MCL (TRANSCEND-MCL 
Cohort)
OutcomeBREYANZI-Treated a 
(N=68)All Leukapheresed Patients  
(N=89)
Overall Response Rate b, n (%) 58 (85.3) 65 (73.0)
[95% CI] c(74.6, 92.7) (62.6, 81.9)
 Complete Response , n (%) 46 (67.6) 51 (57.3)
 [95% CI]  (55.2, 78.5) (46.4, 67.7)
 Partial Response, n (%) 12 (17.6) 14 (15.7)
 [95% CI] (9.5, 28.8) (8.9, 25.0)
CI=confidence interval.
a Evaluable for efficacy.
b Per the 2014 Lugano classification (including bone marrow biopsy assessments), as 
assessed by IRC.
c 2-sided 95% exact Clopper-Pearson CIs.BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel) BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel)Table 26: Duration of Response a in the TRANSCEND-MCL Cohort  
BREYANZI-Treated  
(N=68)
Number of Responders 58 
DOR b  (months)
Median [95% CI] c13.3 [6.0, 23.3]
Range 0.0+, 23.3+ 
 Rate at 12 months (%) [95% CI] d51.4 [37.5, 63.7]
 Rate at 18 months (%) [95% CI] d38.8 [25.0, 52.4]
DOR if Best Response is CR b  (months) N=46
Median [95% CI] c17.5 [7.5, NR] 
Range 0.6, 23.3+
 Rate at 12 months (%) [95% CI] d57.8 [41.9, 70.7]
 Rate at 18 months (%) [95% CI] d48.0 [31.6, 62.6]
DOR if Best Response is PR b  (months) N=12
Median [95% CI] c2.2 [1.8, 13.3]
Range 0.0+, 14.5
 Rate at 12 months (%) [95% CI] d27.3 [6.5, 53.9]
 Rate at 18 months (%) [95% CI] d0.0 [NE, NE]
CI=confidence interval; NE=not evaluable; NR=not reached.
a Median follow-up for DOR is 22.2 months (95% CI: 16.7 to 22.8).
b Per the 2014 Lugano classification (including bone marrow biopsy assessments), as 
assessed by IRC.
c Kaplan-Meier method was used to obtain 2-sided 95% CIs.
d KM estimate of probability of continued response at the specified month.
+ Indicates a censored value.
15 REFERENCES
1. Lee DW, Gardner R, Porter DL, et al. Current concepts in the diagnosis and 
management of cytokine release syndrome. Blood 2014;124:188-195.
16 HOW SUPPLIED/STORAGE AND HANDLING
BREYANZI consists of genetically modified autologous T cells, supplied in vials as separate 
frozen suspensions of each CD8 component (NDC 73153-901-08) and CD4 component 
(NDC 73153-902-04). Each CD8 or CD4 component is packed in a carton containing up to 
4 vials, depending upon the concentration of the cryopreserved drug product CAR-positive 
viable T cells. The cartons for each CD8 component and CD4 component are in an outer 
carton (NDC 73153-900-01). BREYANZI is shipped directly to the cell lab or clinical 
pharmacy associated with the infusion center in the vapor phase of a liquid nitrogen 
shipper. A Release for Infusion (RFI) Certificate for each component and patient-specific 
syringe labels are affixed inside the shipper.
• Confirm patient identity upon receipt.
• Store vials in the vapor phase of liquid nitrogen (less than or equal to minus 130°C) 
in a temperature-monitored system.
• Thaw BREYANZI prior to infusion [see Dosage and Administration (2.2)].17 PATIENT COUNSELING INFORMATION
Advise the patient to read the FDA-approved patient labeling (Medication Guide).
Ensure that patients understand the risk (11%) of manufacturing failure. In case of a 
manufacturing failure, a second manufacturing of BREYANZI may be attempted. While 
the patient awaits the product, additional bridging therapy (not the lymphodepletion) may 
be necessary. This bridging therapy may be associated with adverse events during the 
pre-infusion period, which could delay or prevent the administration of BREYANZI.
Advise patients that they will be monitored daily for at least 7 days following the BREYANZI 
infusion at a REMS-certified healthcare facility and instruct patients to remain within 
2 hours of a REMS-certified healthcare facility for at least 4 weeks following the infusion.
Prior to infusion, advise patients of the following risks:
• Cytokine Release Syndrome (CRS) – Signs and symptoms of CRS (fever, chills, 
hypotension, tachycardia, hypoxia, and fatigue). Counsel patients to seek immediate 
medical attention should signs or symptoms of CRS occur at any time [see Warnings 
and Precautions (5.1) and Adverse Reactions (6.1)].
• Neurologic Toxicities – Signs or symptoms associated with neurologic events 
including encephalopathy, confusion, decreased consciousness, speech disorders, 
tremor, and seizures. Counsel patients to seek immediate medical attention should 
signs or symptoms of neurologic toxicity occur at any time [see Warnings and 
Precautions (5.2) and Adverse Reactions (6.1)].
• Serious Infections – Signs or symptoms associated with infection [see Warnings and 
Precautions (5.5) and Adverse Reactions (6.1)].
• Prolonged Cytopenias – Signs or symptoms associated with bone marrow 
suppression including neutropenia, anemia, thrombocytopenia, or febrile neutropenia 
[see Warnings and Precautions (5.6) and Adverse Reactions (6.1)].
• Secondary Malignancies:  Secondary malignancies, including T cell malignancies, have  
occurred [see Boxed Warning, Warnings and Precautions (5.8), Adverse Reactions 
(6.2)].
Advise patients of the need to:
• Contact Bristol-Myers Squibb at 1-888-805-4555 if they are diagnosed with a 
secondary malignancy [see Warnings and Precautions (5.8)].
• Refrain from driving or operating heavy or potentially dangerous machines until at 
least 8 weeks after BREYANZI administration [see Warnings and Precautions (5.9)].
Manufactured by:
Juno Therapeutics Inc., a Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Bothell, WA 98021.  
US License No.: 2156.
Celgene Corporation, a Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Summit, NJ 07901.  
US License No.: 2252.
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Devens, MA 01434.  
US License No.: 1713.
BREYANZI® is a trademark of Juno Therapeutics, Inc., a Bristol-Myers Squibb Company.
Pat. https://www.bms.com/patient-and-caregivers/our-medicines.html
BREPI.008/MG.007BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel)MEDICATION GUIDE
BREYANZI® (pronounced braye an' zee)  
(lisocabtagene maraleucel)
Read this Medication Guide before you start your BREYANZI treatment. The more you know about your treatment,  
the more active you can be in your care. Talk with your healthcare provider if you have questions about your health condition or 
treatment. Reading this Medication Guide does not take the place of talking with your healthcare provider about your treatment.
What is the most important information I should know about BREYANZI?  
BREYANZI may cause side effects that are life-threatening and can lead to death. Call your healthcare provider or get 
emergency help right away if you get any of the following:
 ●difficulty breathing
 ●fever (100.4°F/38°C or higher)
 ●chills/shaking chills
 ●confusion
 ●severe nausea, vomiting, diarrhea
 ●fast or irregular heartbeat
 ●dizziness/lightheadedness
 ●severe fatigue or weakness
It is important that you tell your healthcare providers that you have received BREYANZI and to show them your BREYANZI 
Patient Wallet Card. Your healthcare provider may give you other medicines to treat your side effects.
What is BREYANZI?  
BREYANZI is a prescription medicine used to treat four types of non-Hodgkin lymphoma:
 ●Large B cell lymphoma, when: 
 ○your first treatment has not worked or your cancer returned within a year of your first treatment OR
 ○your first treatment has not worked or your cancer returned after the first treatment, and you are not eligible for 
hematopoietic stem cell transplantation because of medical conditions or age OR
 ○two or more kinds of treatment have not worked or stopped working.
 ●Chronic lymphocytic leukemia or small lymphocytic lymphoma when two or more kinds of treatment have not worked or 
stopped working.
 ●Follicular lymphoma, when two or more kinds of treatment have not worked or stopped working.
 ●Mantle cell lymphoma when two or more kinds of treatment have not worked or stopped working, including a prior Bruton 
tyrosine kinase (BTK) inhibitor medicine.
BREYANZI is different than other cancer medicines because it is made from your own white blood cells, which have been 
genetically modified to recognize and attack your lymphoma cells.
Before getting BREYANZI, tell your healthcare provider about all your medical problems, including if you have 
or have had:  
 ●Neurologic problems (such as seizures, stroke, or memory loss)
 ●Lung or breathing problems
 ●Heart problems
 ●Liver problems
 ●Kidney problems 
 ●A recent or active infection
Tell your healthcare provider about all the medications you take,  including prescription and over-the-counter medicines, 
vitamins, and herbal supplements.
How will I receive BREYANZI?  
 ●BREYANZI is made from your own white blood cells, so your blood will be collected by a process called “leukapheresis” 
(LOO-kuh-feh-REE-sis).
 ●It takes about 3-4 weeks from the time your cells are received at the manufacturing site and are available to be shipped 
back to your healthcare provider, but the time may vary.
 ●Before you get BREYANZI, you will get 3 days of chemotherapy to prepare your body.
 ●When your BREYANZI is ready, your healthcare provider will give it to you through a catheter (tube) placed into your vein 
(intravenous infusion). BREYANZI is given as infusions of 2 different cell types.
 ○You will receive infusions of one cell type, immediately followed by the other cell type.
 ○The time for infusion will vary but will usually be less than 15 minutes for each of the 2 cell types.BREYANZI® (lisocabtagene maraleucel) ●During the first week, you will be monitored daily by the facility where you received your treatment.
 ●You should plan to stay within 2 hours of the location where you received your treatment for at least 4 weeks after getting 
BREYANZI. Your healthcare provider will check to see that your treatment is working and help you with any side effects 
that may occur.
 ●You may be hospitalized for side effects and your healthcare provider will discharge you if your side effects are under 
control, and it is safe for you to leave the hospital.
 ●Your healthcare provider will want to do blood tests to follow your progress. It is important that you do have your blood 
tested. If you miss an appointment, call your healthcare provider as soon as possible to reschedule.
What should I avoid after receiving BREYANZI?  
 ●Do not drive, operate heavy machinery, or do other activities that could be dangerous if you are not mentally alert, for at 
least 8 weeks after you get BREYANZI. This is because the treatment can cause temporary memory and coordination 
problems, including sleepiness, confusion, dizziness, and seizures.
 ●Do not donate blood, organs, tissues, or cells for transplantation.
What are the possible or reasonably likely side effects of BREYANZI?  
The most common side effects of BREYANZI are:
 ●fatigue
 ●difficulty breathing
 ●fever (100.4°F/38°C or higher)
 ●chills/shaking chills
 ●confusion
 ●difficulty speaking or slurred speech
 ●severe nausea, vomiting, diarrhea
 ●headache
 ●dizziness/lightheadedness
 ●fast or irregular heartbeat
 ●swelling
 ●low blood pressure
 ●muscle pain
BREYANZI can increase the risk of life-threatening infections that may lead to death. Tell your healthcare provider right away 
if you develop fever, chills, or any signs or symptoms of an infection.
BREYANZI can lower one or more types of your blood cells (red blood cells, white blood cells, or platelets). After treatment, 
your healthcare provider will test your blood to check for this. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you get a fever, are 
feeling tired, or have bruising or bleeding.
BREYANZI may increase your risk of getting cancers including certain types of blood cancers. Your healthcare provider should 
monitor you for this.
Having BREYANZI in your blood may cause a false-positive HIV test result by some commercial tests.
These are not all the possible side effects of BREYANZI. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You may report 
side effects to FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088.
General information about the safe and effective use of BREYANZI  
Medicines are sometimes prescribed for purposes other than those listed in a Medication Guide. If you would like more 
information about BREYANZI, talk with your healthcare provider. You can ask your healthcare provider for information about 
BREYANZI that is written for health professionals.
For more information, go to BREYANZI.com or call 1-888-805-4555.
Manufactured by:
Juno Therapeutics Inc., a Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Bothell, WA 98021. US License No.: 2156.
Celgene Corporation, a Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Summit, NJ 07901. US License No.: 2252.
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Devens, MA 01434. US License No.: 1713.
BREYANZI® is a trademark of Juno Therapeutics, Inc., a Bristol-Myers Squibb Company.
Pat. https://www.bms.com/patient-and-caregivers/our-medicines.html
BREMG.007 5/2024
This Medication Guide has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
Revised: May 2024
 2009-US-2400363  05/24